Paper 1
Title: application of nano texturing on multi-crystalline silicon solar cells
Abstract: nano texturing has been confirmed as an effective structure to improve the efficiency of multi-crystalline silicon solar cells by reducing optical loss. in this study, nano textured solar cells are fabricated by the reactive ion etching (rie) method based on a conventional production line. several characterization methods are employed to evaluate the morphology, minority carrier lifetime, quantum efficiency and electricity performance of both nano textured and micro textured solar cells. the results show that nano textured solar cells have a maxiumum efficiency of 19.21 % and an average efficiency that is 0.57 % higher than that of micro textured solar cells. thus, the me method is an effective way to manufacture nano textured solar cells. it can demonstrably improve the photoelectric conversion efficiency of mass-produced solar cells and reduce the production cost, which is significant to the development of solar cell industry.

Paper 2
Title: silver catalyzed nano-texturing of silicon surfaces for solar cell applications
Abstract: we report a relatively simple process for fast nano-texturing of p-type (1 0 0) silicon surface using silver catalyzed wet chemical etching in aqueous hydrofluoric acid and hydrogen peroxide solution at room temperature. in this approach, a fine textured black surface was achieved in about 15-30 s duration with reflectivity less than 4% in 400-1000 nm range. the reflectivity versus texturization time has been investigated and co-related with morphological characteristics of the nano-textured-silicon (nt-si) surfaces. the nano-texturization process is also applicable in multi-crystalline silicon. further, n(+)-p-p(+) structured solar cells have been fabricated on such nt-si substrates following the standard fabrication protocol. significant improvement in short circuit current density (>20%) and efficiency (similar to 1.25% absolute) has been achieved compared with planar control cell without deterioration of other performance parameters (such as open circuit voltage and fill factor). light beam induced current measurements have also been carried out to show the spatial distribution of the light trapping and current in the planar and the nt-si solar cells. (c) 2011 elsevier by. all rights reserved.

Paper 3
Title: mace nano-texture process applicable for both single- and multi-crystalline diamond-wire sawn si solar cells
Abstract: the photovoltaic (pv) industry requires efficient cutting of large single and multi-crystalline (sc- and mc-) silicon (si) wafers. historically multi-wire slurry sawing (mwss) dominated, but the higher productivity of diamond wire-sawing (dws) holds promise for decreasing pv costs in the future. while surface texturing of dws wafers is more complicated than of mwss wafers, especially in mc-si wafers, nanotexturing has been shown to overcome this challenge. while the benefit of nanotexturing is thus clearer in mc-si, a universal nano-texture process that also works on sc-si would simplify and reduce the investments costs of pv production-lines. in this paper, such a nano-texture process is developed using a metal-assisted chemical etch (mace) technique. step-by-step characterization of surface structure and reflectance of the mace process is used after: 1) wafering, 2) standard acidic texturing etch, 3) silver nanoparticles deposition, and 4) mace nanotexturing for both sc and me-si. the results show that the same mace process works effectively for both sc-si and me-si wafers. finally, the nano textured wafers are processed into pv cells in an industrial process line with conversion efficiencies of 19.4% and 18.7%, for sc-si and me-si solar cells, respectively.

Paper 4
Title: simulation study on improving efficiencies of perovskite solar cell: introducing nano textures on it
Abstract: we report that the power conversion efficiencies (pces) of the planar ch3nh3pbi3 solar cells (scs) can be largely improved by fabricating nano textures on the sc surface. with the finite difference time domain (fdtd) method, the ultimate efficiencies of the planar ch3nh3pbi3 scs with two types of nano textures are investigated: the column-shaped nano hollow (clnh) array and the cone-shaped nano hollow (cnnh) array. for the nano textured ch3nh3pbi3 scs with photovoltaic layer depth in the range of 125 nm similar to 500 nm, when the array period and filling fraction of the nano textures are optimized, in comparison with the planar ones, their pce increased 42% similar to 84% for the clnh textured ones, and 52% similar to 63% for the cnnh textured ones. as a conclusion, introduction of nano textures on the sc surface is a promising route for improving the pces of the perovskite scs. (c) 2017 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 5
Title: influence of tio2 layer on ultimate efficiencies for planar and nano-textured ch3nh3pbi3 solar cells
Abstract: the influence of tio2 layer on the ultimate efficiencies, eta, i.e. efficiencies without considering carrier recombination, for the planar and nano-textured ch3nh3pbi3 (mapbi(3)) perovskite solar cells (scs) are investigated. in planar tio2/mapbi(3) heterojunction scs, in order to achieve the largest power conversion efficiency (pce), the tio2 layer thickness, d(1), is important. with the finite difference time domain (fdtd) method, we demonstrated that when the mapbi(3) layer thickness, d(2), is 250 nm, which is a common-most mapbi(3) layer thickness for perovskite scs, eta achieves maximum when d(1) is 80 nm. fabricating nano textures on sc surface is an important method to improve the pce. we studied the effects of d(1) and d(2) on the optimized eta, eta(0), for two kinds of nano-textured perovskite scs: the scs with the nontextured tio2 layer and the column-shaped nano hollow (clh) textured mapbi(3) layer, defined as the nontextured-tio2/clh-mapbi(3) scs, and the scs with clh textured tio2 and clh textured mapbi(3) layers of the same hollow axes and radius, defined as the clh-(tio2/mapbi(3)) scs. generally, when d(1) and d(2) are fixed, eta(0) for the clh-(tio2/mapbi(3)) sc is larger than that for the nontextured-tio2/clh-mapbi(3) sc by ca. 5%.

Paper 6
Title: study of nano texturing on multi-crystalline silicon solar cells
Abstract: nano texturing has been confirmed as an effective structure to improve the efficiency of multi-crystalline silicon solar cells by reducing optical loss. in this study, nano textured solar cells are fabricated by the reactive ion etching (rie) method based on a conventional production line. several characterization methods are employed to evaluate the morphology, minority carrier lifetime, quantum efficiency and electricity performance of both nano textured and micro textured solar cells. the results show that nano textured solar cell has the highest efficiency of 19.21 % and an average efficiency of 18.86%, which is 0.57 % higher than that of micro textured solar cells. thus, the rie method is an effective way to manufacture nano textured solar cells. it can demonstrably improve the photoelectric conversion efficiency of massproduced solar cells and reduce the production cost, which is significant to the development of solar cell industry.

Paper 7
Title: nano-texturing of silicon wafers via one-step copper-assisted chemical etching
Abstract: nano-texturing of a silicon surface has been achieved via one-step copper-assisted chemical etching (cace), which offers a simple approach for large-scale production of inverted pyramid textured silicon surfaces. the effects of h2o2 concentration, etching time and reaction temperature on the inverted pyramid-like structure and anti-reflective ability were systematically investigated. the results show that the lowest average reflectivity (4.3%) in the wavelength range of 3001000 nm was obtained under the optimum conditions of 0.06 mol/l copper nitrate, 3 mol/l h2o2 concentration and 2 mol/l hydrofluoric acid (hf) at 60 degrees c for 5 min. the formation mechanism of the inverted pyramid structure is discussed and can be attributed to the moderate catalytic activity of nanocopper particles that induce etching preferentially along the non- directions of the silicon. the inverted pyramid structures, with the excellent anti-reflectivity, have potential application in the fabrication of solar cells compatible with the semiconducting industry.

Paper 8
Title: nano-textured topography introduced at room temperature for light-trapping enhancement
Abstract: in this paper, a unique two-step method is developed to fabricate a nano-textured sno2 coating. nano-textured topography is successfully introduced at room temperature by evaporating sn in a relatively high pressure. nano-textured sno2 coating is obtained by annealing in air, with lateral size of nearly 1 mu m and root-mean-roughness of over 140 nm. two structures: substrate and superstrate, are investigated to reveal the light-trapping efficiency. with only 300 nm thick si absorber layer, the average reflectivity under am 1.5 illumination spectrum can be limited at 14% and 7%, respectively. this technology is suitable for mass production. (c) 2011 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 9
Title: enhanced electrode-contact property of silicon nano-textured solar cells via selective etching
Abstract: the electrode contact property of silicon nano-textured solar cell was investigated. an industrial feasible technique was introduced to enhance the electrode contact. the electrical performance of nano-textured cells with this contact enhancement was measured and compared with the ones without. the series resistance was reduced significantly from 1.5 omega to 0.3 omega and the short-circuit current was increased from 27 ma cm(-2) to 29 ma cm(-2). the cell efficiency was improved from 6% to 10%. these data indicate that the contact enhancement is effective. (c) 2013 published by elsevier ltd.

Paper 10
Title: antireflective ultra-fast nano scale texturing for efficient multi-crystalline silicon solar cells
Abstract: minimization of reflection losses is extremely important for efficient silicon solar cells made either on mono crystalline (c-) or multi-crystalline (mc-) silicon (si) substrates. a simple and fast etching process yet effective for nano-scale texturing of mc-si surface using silver assisted wet chemical etching is reported. this results in very low reflecting (<3%) mc-si surface in the broad (300-1100 nm) spectral range in a short duration (similar to 30 s) of etch time. the process is applied successfully to produce black mc-si solar cell with n(+)-p-p(+) structure wherein n(+) emitter and p(+) back surface field are made by phosphorus and aluminum diffusion respectively. a significant increase (similar to 20%) in the short circuit current is observed in the nano-textured mc-si solar cell as compared to the control cell (processed in the same batch) without any deleterious effect on other performance parameters. the improved performance of the nano-textured cell is also confirmed by light beam induced current measurements. it is a "proof of concept" of a simple, fast and inexpensive etching process to realize anti-reflective surface on mc-si with improved solar cell performance and have potential for industrial solar cell application. (c) 2015 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.

Paper 11
Title: crystalline silicon solar cells with micro/nano texture
Abstract: crystalline silicon solar cells with two-scale texture consisting of random upright pyramids and surface nanotextured layer directly onto the pyramids are prepared and reflectance properties and i-v characteristics measured. random pyramids texture is produced by etching in an alkaline solution. on top of the pyramids texture, a nanotexture is developed using an electroless oxidation/etching process. solar cells with two-scale surface texturization are prepared following the standard screen-printing technology sequence. the micro/nano surface is found to lower considerably the light reflectance of silicon. the short wavelengths spectral response (blue response) improvement is observed in micro/nano textured solar cells compared to standard upright pyramids textured cells. an efficiency of 17.5% is measured for the best micro/nano textured c-si solar cell. the efficiency improvement is found to be due to the gain in both j(sc) and v-oc. (c) 2012 published by elsevier b.v.

Paper 12
Title: next-generation multi-crystalline silicon solar cells: diamond-wire sawing, nano-texture and high efficiency
Abstract: the absence of an effective texturing technique for diamond-wire sawn multi-crystalline silicon (dws mc-si) solar cells has hindered commercial upgrading from traditional multi-wire slurry sawn silicon (mwss mc-si) solar cells. in this paper, a nano-texture technique has been developed to achieve 18.31% efficient dws mc-si solar cells on a pilot production line. their unique pyramidal nanostructure, which has the most close-packed (111) surface of si diamond crystal, not only benefits both light-trapping and electric properties but also can effectively remove the saw-marks and amorphous layer of the cells. therefore, the short-circuit current i-sc of a nano-textured dws mc-si solar cell is similar to 324 ma higher than that of a micron-textured one, while its open-circuit voltage 140 does not show an evident decrease with the increase of its surface area. the technique has paved the way for the mass production of dws mc-si solar cells by satisfying the exact requirements of the pv industry for high efficiency and low cost. (c) 2015 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 13
Title: enhancement in electrical performance of thin-film silicon solar cells based on a micro- and nano-textured zinc oxide electrodes
Abstract: boron-doped zno (bzo) films deposited by metal organic chemical vapor deposition (mocvd) generally act as transparent conductive oxide films in hydrogenated amorphous silicon (a-si:h) solar cells and exhibit a high external quantum efficiency (eqe) performance in the short-wavelength region. they, therefore, facilitate efficient use of sunlight in solar cells. however, sharp surface features on the bzo film may result in nano-cracks and voids in the cells. in this study, we devised a process for modifying these sharp features. the bzo films were smoothened by performing a sputtering hydrogen-doped zno (hzo) layer using a magnetron sputtering system. the a-si:h solar cells based on bzo films subjected to this treatment exhibited a higher open-circuit voltage (v-oc), fill factor (ff), and efficiency; however, their short-circuit current density (j(sc)) decreased slightly. in an attempt to increase the while maintaining a high electrical performance for the solar cells, we deposited an additional thin bzo film on the sputter-treated one to realize a micro- and nano-textured structure. this strategy succeeded in increasing j(sc). and also caused a further improvement in the v-oc, ff, and efficiency. as a result, over 10% efficiency of a-si:h solar cells based on bzo electrodes with a micro- and nano-textured structure was achieved. moreover, the thickness of the cell is only 300 nm. (c) 2014 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.

Paper 14
Title: reduction of surface reflectivity in multi-crystalline silicon solar cells by wet nano-texturing
Abstract: the effect of electroless wet treatment on multi-crystalline silicon solar cells was investigated. we prepared nanostructures on a multi-crystalline silicon surface via wet nano-texturing processes to ensure that less light is reflected off the surface. nano-texturing can reduce the average reflectance to about 2.5% in the wavelength range of 400-900 nm. further, we obtained an effective reflectance of 1.9% with al2o3/sinx:h coating. the use of our wet nano-texturing process resulted in a reflectance value lower than that obtained with conventional acid texturization. thus, the nano-texturing of multi-crystalline silicon via the wet chemical process can further increase the efficiency of silicon solar cells. (c) 2012 wiley-vch verlag gmbh & co. kgaa, weinheim

Paper 15
Title: nearly zero reflectance of nano-pyramids and dual-antireflection coating structure for monocrystalline silicon solar cells
Abstract: the effect of two-step surface treatment on monocrystalline silicon solar cells was investigated. we changed the nanostructure on pyramidal surfaces by wet nano-texturing so that less light is reflected. the two-step nano-texturing process reduces the average reflectance to about 4% in the 300-1100 nm wavelength region. the use of an antireflection coating resulted in an effective reflectance of 1%. we found that the reflectance obtained by wet nano-texturing was lower than that obtained by conventional alkaline texturing. thus, we can expect a further increase in the efficiency of silicon solar cells with two-step nano-texturing by a wet chemical process.

Paper 16
Title: antireflection properties of multi-crystalline black silicon with acid textured surfaces using two step metal assisted chemical etching
Abstract: we have fabricated multicrystalline black silicon (b-si) with two step texturing process, first using micro-scale conventional acid texturing and second using nano-textured (nt-si) layer, directly on the micro textured surface. instead of lithography process, a two step silver assisted chemical etching process, is used to fabricate nano-texture surfaces in the aqueous solution of hydrogen peroxide (h2o2) and hydrofluoric acid (hf) at room temperature. the reflectivity has been investigated with the varying time of the nano-texturization. the surface morphology of nano-textured black si was studied by sem and the optical properties were studied by spectrophotometer. the average reflectivity has decreased to 4.3 % in wavelength range from 300 to 800 nm.

Paper 17
Title: multi-crystalline silicon solar cells with metal-assisted nano-texturing using hno3 as hole injection agent
Abstract: in this study, metal-assisted etching (mae) with nitric acid (hno3) as a hole injecting agent has been employed to texture multi-crystalline silicon wafers. it was previously proven that addition of hno3 enabled control of surface texturing so as to form nano-cone shaped structures rather than nanowires. the process parameters optimized for optically efficient texturing have been applied to multi-crystalline wafers. fabrication of p-type al: bsf cells have been carried out on textured samples with thermal sio2/pecvd-sinx stack passivation and screen printed metallization. firing process has been optimized in order to obtain the best contact formation. finally, j(sc) enhancement of 0.9 ma/cm(2) and 0.6% absolute increase in the efficiency have been achieved. this proves that the optimized mae texture process can be successfully used in multi-crystalline wafer texturing with standard passivation methods. j-v curves and sem images of the nano and iso-textured samples. j(sc) enhancement of 0.9 ma/cm(2) together with 0.6% absolute efficiency gain was observed on nano-textured samples. (c) 2016 wiley-vch verlag gmbh & co. kgaa, weinheim

Paper 18
Title: black multi-crystalline silicon solar cells
Abstract: a simple method for nano-scale texturing of silicon surfaces based on local metal-catalyzed wet chemical etching, which results in an almost complete suppression of reflectivity in a broad spectral range, has been successfully applied to produce black multi-crystalline silicon solar cells. the performance of the cells is compared to that of reference cells without surface nano-texturing. a considerable increase of the short circuit current (by 36-42% with respect to the reference cells) without deterioration of other performance parameters is observed under natural sun illumination. means of further optimization of such black solar cells are discussed.

Paper 19
Title: functional nano-textured titania-coatings with self-cleaning and antireflective properties for photovoltaic surfaces
Abstract: photoactive tio2-only transparent coatings having self-cleaning and antireflection (ar) properties were prepared by forming first a nanosol through controlled hydrolysis of tetraisopropyl orthotitanate (tipt), followed by deposition of this nanosol on glass substrates by dip-coating with a final calcination step to form the surface nano-textured thin film. the samples were characterized in terms of nano structure and-texture by x-ray diffraction, uv-vis spectroscopy, scanning electron microscopy and atomic force microscopy, while ar properties were investigated by transmittance measurements. self-cleaning properties were analyzed by measuring the changes of water contact angle, and by photocatalytic degradation of a dye. the aim was to analyze how to prepare these materials and the relation of the properties of titania with the surface nano-texture, particularly in relation to obtain the properties required to their use as functional coatings for pv cells. films with good optical characteristics and high transmittance (<1% loss in transmittance) can be obtained at low speed of dip-coating (6 mm/s) and high nitric acid concentration (0.5 m). under optimized conditions, calcination at low temperature (400 degrees c) may already be sufficient to produce coatings with good functional properties, making the procedure compatible with the use of some flexible substrates. a preliminary mechanism of formation of the surface nano-texturing is also proposed. (c) 2015 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.

Paper 20
Title: tailoring nano-textures for optimized light in-coupling in liquid phase crystallized silicon thin-film solar cells
Abstract: thin-film solar cells based on liquid phase crystallized silicon (lpc si) with 8-20 mu m thick absorber layers demand for advanced light management to achieve high photocurrent densities. open-circuit voltages (v-oc) > 600 mv underline the high silicon material quality of lpc silicon thin-films on nano-textured glass superstrates. we present a 500 nm-pitched sinusoidal nano-texture which outperforms larger pitched gratings with respect to light incoupling at the buried glass-silicon interface. in the wavelength range of interest reflection of incident light is minimized to values close to 4%, which is the reflection at the sun-facing air-glass interface. further, the electronic material quality of sinusoidally textured devices is analyzed on basis of a comparison of maximum achieved open-circuit voltages on different texture types. the voc on sinusoidally textured glass superstrates could be raised to 630 mv by changing the interlayer deposition method from a pvd to a pecvd process. thus, we are able to unify high optical and electronic properties of silicon absorber layers on sinusoidaly textured glass substrates. these results constitute a crucial step toward fully exploiting the optical potential of lpc silicon thin-film solar cells.

Paper 21
Title: design and analysis of high efficiency perovskite solar cells with light trapping nano-textured substrates
Abstract: recently, the utilization of hybrid organic-inorganic perovskite solar cells under advanced light management designs have attracted intensive attention. in this study, a three-dimensional (3d) finite element method (fem) technique was used in the comsol multiphysics simulation package to investigate coupled optical and electrical characteristics of perovskite solar cells (pscs) with light trapping nanostructures. upon the use of nano-textured fluorine-doped tin oxide (fto) substrates, we propose two architectures which can guide and trap the light at nanometer dimensions. two proposed pscs i.e. concave and trapezoidal structures are compared to the planar structure in order to investigate the effects of using nanostructured substrates on the optoelectronic performance of pscs. optical analysis reveals that using optimized concave and trapezoidal structures can enhance the light absorption up to 32 and 26%, respectively at the wavelength of 550 nm. electrical simulations have shown that in addition to enhanced total carrier generation, the generated carriers can be effectively collected in the proposed nanostructured pscs. accordingly, the short-circuit current has risen from 20 ma for planar structure to 25.7 ma for concave and 23.2 ma for trapezoidal pscs. after analyzing various heights and adopting optimum values, the power conversion efficiency for concave and trapezoidal pscs experienced substantial increase of 5.5 and 3.5%, compared to the planar structure. these drastic improvements analyzed by coupled optical and electrical modelling of nanostructures can pave the way for further studies to fabricate high efficiency pscs with nano-textured substrates as a light-trapping technique.

Paper 22
Title: novel non-metallic non-acidic approach to generate sub-wavelength surface structures for inline-diffused multicrystalline silicon wafer solar cells
Abstract: one of the main restrictions on further enhancement of the multicrystalline silicon (multi-si) wafer solar cell efficiency is the high reflectance loss from the front surface. double-texturing, including a microtexturing by conventional isotropic acidic-texturing followed by nano-texturing using sub-wavelength structures (sws), provides a possibility to remove this limitation. however, presently available doubletexturing processes involve multiple and high-cost nano-texturing process steps and thus have not become industrially viable. this study presents an improved double-texturing process and reports its successful implementation using low-cost inline-diffusion and non-acidic 'seris etch' etch-back technology. the process is based on reactive ion etching (rie) as a metal-free nano-texturing step, along with the conventional acidic iso-texturing process. the process is optimised based on effective minority carrier lifetime and weighted average reflectance (war) measurements, on 156 x 156 mm2, industrial-grade, ptype multi-si wafers. this optimised double-textured sws surface has a war of 3.2% after silicon nitride deposition, which is significantly lower than that of conventional acidic iso-textured wafers (war of 6-7%). however, this optimised surface maintains the same values of the effective minority carrier lifetime as for the reference conventional acidic-textured multi-si wafers. the optimised nano-texturing recipe is also successfully applied to alkaline-textured monocrystalline silicon wafers. (c) 2014 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 23
Title: nano-cones on micro-pyramids: modulated surface textures for maximal spectral response and high-efficiency solar cells
Abstract: the front-side reflection represents a significant optical loss in solar cells. one way to minimize this optical loss is to nano-texture the front surface. although nano-textured surfaces have shown a broad-band anti-reflective effect, their light scattering and surface passivation properties are found to be generally worse than those of standard micro-textured surfaces. to overcome these setbacks in crystalline silicon solar cells, advanced texturing and passivation approaches are here presented. in the first approach, we propose a modulated surface texture by superimposing nano-cones on micro-pyramidal surface texture. this advanced texture applied at the front side of crystalline silicon wafers completely suppresses the reflection in a broad wavelength range from 300nm up to 1000nm and efficiently scatters light up to 1200nm. in the second approach, we show a method to minimize recombination at nano-textured surfaces by using defect-removal etching followed by dry thermal oxidation. these two approaches are applied here in an interdigitated back-contacted crystalline silicon solar cell and result in decoupling of the interplay between the mechanisms behind short-circuit current density and open-circuit voltage. the device exhibits a conversion efficiency equal to 19.8%, record external quantum efficiency (78%) at short wavelengths (300nm), and electrical performance equal to the performance of the reference interdigitated back-contacted device based on front-side micro-pyramids. copyright (c) 2015 john wiley & sons, ltd.

Paper 24
Title: a bactericidal microfluidic device constructed using nano-textured black silicon
Abstract: nano-structured black silicon (bsi) was used as a substratum for the construction of a microfluidic device to test the bactericidal action of this nano-textured surface against pseudomonas aeruginosa bacteria. a narrow 15 mm high and 1 cm wide flat flow channel was constructed that allowed the bacteria to come into contact with the bactericidal nano-spikes present on the surface of the bsi. the narrow channel within the device was designed such that a single layer of bacterial cells could reside at any given time above the bsi substratum during flow. the large 1 x 2 cm(2) surface area of the bsi was shown to be efficient in being able to kill the bacterial cells, achieving an approximate 99% killing efficiency. the flow rate required to fill the bsi chamber was found to be 0.1 mu l s(-1), with a 10 min equilibration time being allowed for the bacterial cells to interact with the bsi surface. complete rupturing of e. coli cells was achieved after 15 cycles, allowing the effective release of cellular proteins from within the bacterial cells (65.2 mu g ml(-1) from 3 x 10(8) cells per ml). the channel was then able to be re-used after washing of the cell with 10 successive cycles of sterile milliq water. larger volumes of bacterial suspensions have the potential to be treated using a similar flow channel configuration if the dimensions of the flow channel are scaled accordingly. this bactericidal microfluidic device provides a novel platform for studies carried out under both static and dynamic (flow) conditions.

Paper 25
Title: periodic nano-textures enhance efficiency in multi-junction silicon thin-film solar cells
Abstract: in this work, we report on the prototyping of thin-film silicon tandem solar cells with periodic light-trapping textures. our approach combines an industrial applicable nano-imprint process, for the fabrication of advanced light management concepts, with state-of-the-art thin film silicon solar cell technology. in a joint experimental effort between project partners of the european thin-film silicon project "fast-track", we demonstrate that optimal periodic light-trapping nano-textures at the front-side of a multijunction solar cell enhance the power conversion efficiency of the device in comparison to solar cells with conventional textured tco (transparent conductive oxide) front contacts from 11.7% to 12.1%. this improved power conversion efficiency is mainly driven by an enhancement of the short-circuit current density through the use of periodic light-trapping nano-textures. (c) 2014 wiley-vch verlag gmbh & co. kgaa, weinheim

Paper 26
Title: refined nano-textured surface coupled with sinx, layer on the improved photovoltaic properties of multi-crystalline silicon solar cells
Abstract: nano-porous silicon (np-si) and nano-inverted-pyramid silicon (nip-si) structures have been formed by ag-catalyzed chemical etching without and with naoh modification on solar-grade multi-crystalline silicon substrates, respectively. the influence of nano-structured morphology (nsm) and sinx layer (sl) on effective reflectance (r-eff) has been investigated through measurement and simulation. for typical np-si and nip-si samples, the nsm alone can suppress r-eff of np-si sample to the lowest degree (5.87%), and the combination of nsm and sl is favorable to gain the lowest optical loss for nip-si sample (r-eff = 7.31%). compared with np-si solar cell, the fabricated nip-si solar cells have hugely improved photovoltaic properties, resulting from reduced reflectance in visible and near-infrared wavelength, enhanced short-wavelength spectral responses and good diode parameters. finally, an optimum design strategy of nsm and sl has been suggested to gain potentially better properties for nano-structured solar cells. (c) 2013 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.

Paper 27
Title: high-efficiency black ibc c-si solar cells with poly-si as carrier-selective passivating contacts
Abstract: in this work, we present the application of poly-si carrier-selective passivating contacts (cspcs) as both polarities in interdigitated back-contacted (ibc) solar cell architectures. we compared two approaches to form a gap between the back-surface field (bsf) and emitter fingers. it is proved that the gaps prepared by both approaches are efficient in preventing carriers' recombination. to minimize the reflection losses, we developed a novel modulated surface texturing (mst) structure as anti-reflection coating (arc). it is obtained by superposing a nano-textured sio2 layer on the conventional micro-textured pyramids, which are passivated with a-si:h / sinx:h layers. this approach decouples the light harvesting from the si surface passivation, which potentially results in the highest possible optical and electrical performances of the solar cells. the reflectance (r) of the mst-arc is very close to that of the high-aspect ratio nano-structured silicon (black-silicon), achieving r < 1% between 450 and 1000 nm. the j(0) of mst-arc passivated si surface (6.3 fa/cm(2)) is the same as that of standard a-si:h/sinx:h layers passivated pyramidally-textured si surface. by applying this novel mst-arc in our ibc solar cell, the highest j(sc) observed in a device is 42.2 ma/cm(2) with a v-oc as high as 701 mv. a spectral response enhancement in case of the mst-arc cell is observed over the whole wavelength range with respect to the cell with standard sinx:h arc. the highest efficiency achieved in this work is 23.0%, with the potential to reach 24.0% in short term by using more conductive metal fingers.

Paper 28
Title: fabrication of micro-nano surface texture by cscl lithography with antireflection and photoelectronic properties for solar cells
Abstract: a pyramid and nanopillar micro-nano surface texture of silicon wafer, which has pyramid arrays about 4-8 mu m with different nanopillars of average diameter from 100 to 500 nm and height from 500 nm to 1.5 mu m, is fabricated by cesium chloride (cscl) self-assembly lithography and dry etching for solar cell. this micro-nano surface texture with 100 and 200 nm average diameter has very good antireflection with reflectance below 5% for the wavelength ranging from 400 to 1000 nm and much lower than that of single pyramid or nanopillar arrays with the same average diameter. the reflected distribution of this micro-nano structure illuminated with white parallel light at incidence angle of 45 degrees is tested by a irradiatometer at the reflected angle from 10 to 80 degree and shows a total diffuse and very low reflection at different reflected angles, which benefits from both the advantages of nanopillar and pyramid structure. the solar cell with this micro-nano texture has been finished with thermal diffusion of phosphorus for p-n junction and printing silver plasma for front electrode poles, and its photovoltaic conversion efficiency is about 7.05% which is higher than that of solar cell only with the planar, single pyramid or nanopillar and made with the same fabricating process. (c) 2012 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 29
Title: optical absorption characteristics of nanometer and submicron a-si:h solar cells with two kinds of nano textures
Abstract: the optical absorption properties of a-si: h have acquired much attention in solar cell(sc) research. in this paper, we studied enhancement of light absorption in the a-si: h(10%h) scs with thicknesses from 31.25nm to 2 mu m and with nano textures of the column-shaped nanohole (clnh) array and of the cone-shaped nanohole (cnnh) array, via the finite difference time domain (fdtd) simulation. for a given type of nano texture and film thickness, d, the ultimate efficiency, the ideal efficiency without considering carrier combinations, is optimized over array period, p, and filling fraction, f, and is defined as the optimized ultimate efficiency, eta(0). the simulation results demonstrated that: even for the clnh textured a-si: h(10%h) scs as thin as 62.5 nm,eta(0) is 19.7%. when the a-si:h(10%h) sc is thinner than a critical depth of about 250nm, the clnh texture is more efficient than the cnnh texture, and vice versa. when the thicknesses of scs are very thin, especially smaller than 100nm, the efficiencies of the a-si: h(10%h) scs are evidently higher than those of the c-si scs. for example, in the clnh arrays, when d = 62.5nm, eta(0) for the a-si:h(10%h) scs is higher than the c-si scs by a factor of approximate 2.3. (c)2013optical society of america

Paper 30
Title: synthesis, structure and photoelectrochemical performance of micro/nano-textured zno/eosin y electrodes
Abstract: micro/nano-textured zno thick films were synthesized through deposition and pyrolysis of layered hydroxide zinc acetate (lhza), zn-5(oh)(8)(ch3coo)(2)(.)2h(2)o. lhza films having a unique, rose-like morphology were initially deposited on conducting glass sheets in a chemical bath composed of methanol and zinc acetate dihydrate at 60degreesc under neutral conditions. pyrolysis of the lhza films resulted in formation of zno without destroying the original morphology. pyrolysis temperatures were found to greatly influence grain sizes and specific surface areas of the zno films. photoelectrochemical performance of the films as zno/eosin y electrodes was investigated in dye-sensitized solar cells using an i-/i-3(-) redox electrolyte solution. the cell using the zno film pyrolyzed at 150degreesc exhibited overall light to electricity conversion efficiencies of 2.0 and 3.3% under an am-1.5 illumination at 100 and 10 mw cm(-2), respectively. while microscale pores in the electrodes facilitated mass transfer of fluid electrolytes in the depth direction, nanoscale pores contributed to an increase in the amount of adsorbed dye. the maximum incident photon-to-current conversion efficiency (ipce) of the electrode reached 84.9% at a wavelength of 530 nm. (c) 2004 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.

Paper 31
Title: efficient nanostructured quasi-single crystalline silicon solar cells by metal catalyzed chemical etching
Abstract: seed-assisted cast quasi-single crystalline silicon (qsc-si) technique allows the production of efficient, low-cost solar cells. however, most of the qsc-si wafers still consist of single- and multi-crystalline silicon grains, which lead to difficulties when attempting to achieve high efficiency by using conventional acid or alkali texture processes. this paper highlights the fact that nano-textured qsc-si solar cells can reach efficiencies ranging from 18.4% to 18.9% by using the same metal-catalyzed chemical etching technique, along with a depressed color difference. a parallel sub-cell model is proposed to explain how to enhance the performance of qsc-si cells.

Paper 32
Title: efficient inverted polymer solar cells based on surface modified fto transparent electrodes
Abstract: nano-textured transparent electrodes are commonly used to receive higher light absorption in inverted polymer solar cells (ipsc). however, the performance of the device is often restricted by the highly rough morphology of the textured transparent electrode. in this work, a polyvinylpyrrolidone (pvp) interlayer was inserted as a surface modifier in ipscs based on a fluorine-doped sno2 electrode (fto). the inserted layer facilitates electron extraction due to improved interface morphology of the azo electron transport layer (etl). this enhancement resulted in an approximately 63% increase in power conversion efficiency from 2.52% to 4.14% of ipscs based on the fto electrode compared to solar cells without pvp layer. (c) 2015 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 33
Title: fabrication of textured substrates for dye-sensitized solar cells using polydimethylsiloxane nanoimprint lithography
Abstract: we proposed a fabrication of nanoimprinted textures on a front glass/transparent conductive oxide interface for dye-sensitized solar cells (dsscs). these textures were fabricated through polydimethylsiloxane (pdms) nanoimprint lithography on organosilsesquioxane solution. the texture structures were estimated via optical simulation. master molds were anodic aluminum oxide templates with nano-texture (n-tx) and micro-nano double texture (d-tx). meanwhile, replicate molds used a hard pdms. fluorine-doped tin oxide and titanium dioxide were deposited on textured glass substrates to generate electrodes for dsscs. unlike the dsscs without texture, textured dsscs realized 11.4% (n-tx) and 10% (d-tx) improvement in conversion efficiency.

Paper 34
Title: controllable nano-texturing of diamond wire sawing polysilicon wafers through low-cost copper catalyzed chemical etching
Abstract: the depressing texturation and stubborn directional saw marks on diamond wire sawing (dws) polysilicon wafers has resulted in severe limitations for the mass application of dws technology in pv market. herein, a simple and low-cost copper-assisted chemical etching method was presented to controllably nano-texturing dws polysilicon wafers. the work firstly reveals the adjustment of anion species in copper salts can readily control the nanostructure during the copper-catalyzed etching process. after etching, the obtained inverted pyramid structure can effectively reduce the reflectivity of the silicon wafer surface, the reflectance can be as low as 5.8% in the wavelength range of 300-1100 nm. moreover, the surface saw marks are removed after etching, and the novel texture method guarantee the low recombination rates. the effective texturing method shows a promising potential application in the photovoltaic field. (c) 2018 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 35
Title: light trapping nano structures with over 30% enhancement in perovskite solar cells
Abstract: organic-inorganic metal halide perovskites have drawn a great deal of attention due to their supreme optical and electrical properties and their potential in future application in optoelectronic devices. here, we carry out finite-difference time-domain (fdtd) simulation on different experimentally realistic structures of perovskite solar cells (psc) and optimize their parameters with assistance of neural network (nn). we find an optimized structure with 30.48% enhancement comparing to planar structure and the fact that with properly design, 300-nm-thick nano-textured structure can outperform 900-nm-thick planar structure. we believe that light trapping structure is essential in thin film pscs and also has a great potential in lead-free pscs.

Paper 36
Title: biomimetic nano/micro double-textured silicon with outstanding antireflective and superhydrophilic surfaces for high optical performance
Abstract: we report the fabrication of nano/micro double-textured silicon (nmdt-si) and its structural, optical, and surface wetting properties. the micro-pyramidal textured (mpts) are formed on the si surface by a simple potassium hydroxide-based wet etching process. on the other hand, for pillar-arrayed nano-textures (nts), the thermally-dewetted gold (au) nanoparticles are employed on the surface of the mpt-si as an etch mask and the inductively coupled plasma etching is followed. the optical reflectance of the nmdt-si is strongly dependent on the period and height of nts on the surface of the mpt-si, which can be controlled by the au film thickness and etching time, respectively. compared with the planar nano-textured si, the nmdt-si shows superior antireflection (or higher light absorption) and light-scattered propagation behaviors, which are verified from a finite-difference time-domain simulation, over wide ranges of wavelengths (350-1100 nm) and incident angles (0-70 degrees), resulting in the average reflectance of similar to 2.1% and the solar weighted absorption of similar to 98.5% at normal incidence, respectively. in addition, it has a super-hydrophilic surface with water contact angles of < 5 degrees

Paper 37
Title: enhanced performance of nanotextured silicon solar cells with excellent light-trapping properties
Abstract: light-trapping nanostructures have been widely used for improving solar cells' performance, but the higher surface recombination and poor electrode contact introduced need to be addressed. in this work, silicon nanostructures were synthesized via silver-catalyzed etching to texturize solar cells. atomic-layer-deposited al2o3 passivated the nanotextured cells. a surface recombination velocity of 126 cm/s was obtained, much lower than the 228 cm/s of the sinx-passivated one. additionally, the open-circuit voltage (v-oc) of the nanotextured cells improved significantly from 582 to 610 mv, as did the short-circuit current (j(sc)) from 25.5 to 31 ma/cm(2). furthermore, the electrode contact property was enhanced by light-induced plating. a best efficiency of 13.3% for nano-textured cells was obtained, which is higher than the planar cell's 12%.

Paper 38
Title: high-efficiency black silicon tunnel oxide passivating contact solar cells through modifying the nano-texture on micron-pyramid surface
Abstract: optical loss is a significant factor restricting the conversion efficiency of conventional bifacial tunnel oxide passivating contact (topcon) solar cells. black silicon structure is commonly used to enhance the photo generated current density (j(ph)) of crystalline solar cells due to its excellent light-trapping capability. however, the photogenerated current gain is cancelled by the increased emitter recombination current originated from the black silicon structure with a high enhanced surface area ratio. in this work, we used a buffered oxide etching solution to modify the surface morphology of nanopore/micron-pyramid composite (npp) structure silicon. further, we studied the effects of npp structures with different enhanced surface area ratio on front-side reflection, boron atom doping, emitter passivation, and cell performance. by identifying the appropriate surface modification processing, we fabricated the large-scale (158.75 mm x 158.75 mm) bifacial topcon solar cells using industrial equipment and processes with an average short-circuit current density of 41.12 ma/cm(2) and average conversion efficiency of 23.08%. through adequately widening nanostructure size and depositing high-quality al2o3/sinx stacked passivation films on npp structure surface, we achieved lower carrier recombination while maintaining high j(ph).

Paper 39
Title: small molecule organic solar cells with enhanced near-ir photoactivity: the role of texturing and molecular architecture of the active layers on solar cell performance
Abstract: small molecule organic solar cells (opv), using donor layers based on tetravalent and trivalent metal phthalocyanines (e.g. oxo-titanium tiopc, or chloroindium cllnpc), are discussed here. as-deposited thin films of these pcs undergo phase changes to form polymorphs with excellent near-ir photoactivity, accompanied by nano-texturing of the donor layers. in opvs based on pc/c-60 heterojunctions, this results in a factor of up to 5x increase in short-circuit photocurrents (j(sc)) and power conversion efficiencies. fully optimized single junction opvs based on these materials may ultimately approach 6% efficiencies, however their biggest impact is in providing guidance for the formation of new, solution processable forms of these materials, which retain this near-ir sensitivity and high power conversion efficiencies.

Paper 40
Title: fabrication and antireflection properties of solar cells with pyramid-nanohole texture by caesium chloride lithography
Abstract: pyramids and nanoholes are integrated together to form a micro-nano-texture on silicon surface in order to suppress reflection for silicon solar cell application. the nanoholes are formed by inductively coupled plasma (icp) dry etching employing a nanoporous aluminum (al) mask which is fabricated by caesium chloride (cscl) nanoislands lift-off technique. reflection of less than 4% can be reached by pyramid-nanohole texture, which is much lower than that from pure pyramids or nanoholes texture. higher short circuit current density (j(sc)) and photovoltaic conversion efficiency (pce) are obtained for the solar cell with pyramid-nanohole texture due to its better antireflection. the average diameter and depth of the nanoholes affect the solar cell properties. the smaller and deeper nanoholes can suppress reflection a lot, but meanwhile, the formation of them means more crystal lattice defects generated from icp etching. an optimized diameter of 800 nm and depth of 1 mu m for the nanoholes are obtained in our experiments to get the best photovoltaic performance that is a pce of 14.89% with a j(sc) of 38.25 ma cm(-2) and an open circuit voltage (v-oc) of 544.8 mv.

Paper 41
Title: micro-textures for efficient light trapping and improved electrical performance in thin-film nanocrystalline silicon solar cells
Abstract: micro-textures with large opening angles and smooth u-shape are applied to nanocrystalline silicon (nc-si:h) solar cells. the micro-textured substrates result in higher open-circuit-voltage (v-oc) and fill-factor (ff) than nano-textured substrates. for thick solar cells, high v-oc and ff are maintained. particularly, the v-oc only drops from 564 to 541 mv as solar cell thickness increases from 1 to 5 mu m. the improvement in electrical performance of solar cells is ascribed to the growth of dense nc-si: h layers free from defective filaments on micro-textured substrates. thereby, micromorph tandem solar cells with an initial efficiency of 13.3%, v-oc = 1.464 v, and ff = 0.759 are obtained. (c) 2013 aip publishing llc.

Paper 42
Title: optical-electronic analysis of the intrinsic behaviors of nanostructured ultrathin crystalline silicon solar cells
Abstract: light trapping and antireflection via nano-texturing are prominent methods for improved efficiency in solar cells. we present a combined three-dimensional optical and electronic simulation to calculate the intrinsic limits on the efficiency in ultrathin nanotextured crystalline silicon solar cells. our simulation incorporates the fundamental loss mechanisms including auger recombination and surface recombination. the simulation shows that an optimized 3 pm thick structure with double-sided nanocone gratings yields an efficiency of 24.9% with a short-circuit current density of 36.6 ma/cm(2) and an open-circuit voltage of 0.79 v. we also introduce an analytic model that describes the electronic properties. this model significantly simplifies the optical-electronic analysis of nanostructured solar cells.

Paper 43
Title: effect of nanotextured back reflectors on light trapping in flexible silicon thin-film solar cells
Abstract: nanotextured ag back reflectors were used to enhance the short-circuit current of flexible silicon thin-film solar cells with an n-i-p configuration by means of optical confinement. a nanotextured topography with a root-mean-square (sigma(rms)) surface roughness of 88.0 nm was successfully induced by abnormal grain growth of ag films, which was controlled by varying the deposition temperature and film thickness in a direct current (dc) magnetron sputtering process. effective light scattering of the long wavelengths over 600 nm was achieved on the nano-textured ag back reflectors, resulting in enhanced absorption of weakly absorbing, long-wavelength light in the hydrogenated amorphous silicon (a-si:h) and microcrystalline silicon (pc-si:h) thin-film solar cells. compared with similar reference cells on flat back reflectors, a 34.4% increase in the short-circuit current density (j(sc)) for an a-si:h solar cell and an 11.9% for mu c-si:h were observed in the solar cells on the nanotextured back reflectors, with little reduction in fill factor (ff) and open circuit voltage (v-oc). due to the increase of the j(sc) by the improved light absorption at the long wavelengths, the conversion efficiency (eta) of the a-si:h and pc-si:h solar cells increased from 5.59% to 7.60% and from 4.31% to 4.64%, respectively. (c) 2012 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 44
Title: performance enhancement of thin-film amorphous silicon solar cells with low cost nanodent plasmonic substrates
Abstract: performance of thin film photovoltaics largely relies on photon absorption capability. here, we introduce a novel substrate with patterned aluminum nanodent arrays with unique light management capability. hydrogenated amorphous silicon thin film solar cells have been fabricated on the nano-texturized substrate for optical property study and photovoltaic performance evaluation. our measurements have shown significant enhancement on broadband light absorption using these patterned substrates via both geometrical light trapping and plasmonic coupling. particularly, the enhancement factor reaches as high as 5-30 times at wavelength near the band edge. numerical simulations confirm the measurements and uncover the mechanisms of the enhancement. more importantly, photovoltaic measurements on nanodent solar cells present improvements of over 31% and 27% in short circuit current and energy conversion efficiency respectively compared with planar solar cells. therefore, the novel patterned substrates are promising candidates for low cost and high performance thin film solar cells.

Paper 45
Title: versatile strategies for improving the performance of diamond wire sawn mc-si solar cells
Abstract: unlike conventional multi-wire sawn (cmws) multi-crystalline silicon (mc-si) wafers, diamond wire sawn (dws) me-si wafers textured by conventional acidic solution of hf/hno3 are not suitable for solar cells because visible saw marks set significant barriers in both cell performance and surface appearance. in this work, we have employed versatile strategies based on metal-assisted chemical etching (mace) technique to eliminate the saw marks and realize effective surface textures on dws me-si wafers, including nano-texture (n-t), micro-texture (m-t) and nano/micro-texture (n/m-t). especially, benefiting from the tradeoff between optical gain and electrical loss, the efficiency of 18.45% for n/m-t based dws me-si solar cells with a standard wafer size of 156 x 156 mm(2) is reported to be higher by an absolute 0.57% compared with that of cmws me-si solar cells (17.88%). our work provides ways of fabricating dws me-si solar cells with high efficiencies and satisfactory visual appearance. (c) 2016 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 46
Title: improvement of interfacial contact for efficient pcbm/mapbi(3) planar heterojunction solar cells with a binary antisolvent mixture treatment
Abstract: atomic-force microscopic images, x-ray diffraction patterns, urbach energies and photoluminescence quenching experiments show that the interfacial contact quality between the hydrophobic [6,6]-phenyl-c-61-buttric acid methyl ester (pcbm) thin film and hydrophilic ch3nh3pbi3 (mapbi(3)) thin film can be effectively improved by using a binary antisolvent mixture (toluene:dichloromethane or chlorobenzene:dichloromethane) in the anti-solvent mixture-mediated nucleation process, which increases the averaged power conversion efficiency of the resultant pedot:pss (p3ct-na) thin film based mapbi(3) solar cells from 13.18% (18.52%) to 13.80% (19.55%). beside, the use of 10% dichloromethane (dcm) in the binary antisolvent mixture results in a nano-textured mapbi(3) thin film with multicrystalline micrometer-sized grains and thereby increasing the short-circuit current density and fill factor (ff) of the resultant solar cells. it is noted that a remarkable ff of 80.33% is achieved, which can be used to explain the stable photovoltaic performance without additional encapsulations.

Paper 47
Title: antireflective structures on silicon surface using catalytic nickel nanoparticles
Abstract: in this work, we present a nickel assisted electroless deposition and etching method for significant reduction of reflectivity of silicon by creating two-scale structured silicon surface. as the first step, the nano-texturization process was applied on planar si wafers in order to optimize the process. next, we applied this method for silicon surface with chemically prepared pyramids in order to produce a hierarchical (micron/nano) structure. we found that silicon wafers with hierarchical structure shown very low about 2.2% weighted reflection over broad wavelength range from 300 to 1100 nm, which is related with changes in surface morphology. (c) 2013 aip publishing llc.

Paper 48
Title: double gaas/si heterojunction layers in si solar cells fabricated by electron beam evaporation
Abstract: we investigated silicon solar cells with double gallium arsenide heterojunctions. both p-type and n-type gaas were deposited on the back and front side of the si pn junction using an electron beam evaporator under a high vacuum condition to fabricate ppnn cells, respectively. the ppnn cell with a micro-textured si surface showed enhanced quantum efficiency by about 10% in the shorter wavelength region and by about 1% in the longer wavelength region compared to ppnn cell with nanotextured si surface. moreover, the average minority carrier lifetime was increased by 1 mu s and conversion efficiency was increased by 0.74% for the micro-ppnn cell despite its high series resistance. morphological analysis showed that gaas thin-film on si surface was as-rich in the as-deposition case. it became distorted at higher annealing temperatures, leading to formation of cracks. moreover, annealing of the deposited gaas on a nano-textured si surface at 100 degrees c for 30 min resulted in formation of gaas nanodots in an amorphous gaas matrix.

Paper 49
Title: design concept of a hybrid photo-voltaic/thermal conversion cell for mid-infrared light energy harvester
Abstract: harvesting the thermal loss energy emitted as electro-magnetic (em) waves (at solar, micrometer and millimeter spectral wavelengths) over the broadest possible spectral range is a major target in the development of sustainable energy solutions. solar cells and rectennas suffer unavoidable energy losses due to heat generation as well as due to the transparency window (lambda > 1100 nm for si), which is not utilized in photo-electrical conversion. a hybrid photovoltaic/thermoelectric conversion system is presented as an extension of a typical si solar cell and demonstrates additional capability in harvesting energy over the entirety of the solar spectrum. nano-textured silicon - black-si - was used to reduce reflectivity of the cell surface and a ge-sn layer was added below to facilitate absorption over the ir wing of the solar spectrum. an up to 7% improvement to the voltage generated by photo-voltaic conversion was obtained via the thermal-to-electrical contribution. (c) 2017 optical society of america

Paper 50
Title: effect of texturing and vertex angle on silicon based multilayer absorber
Abstract: we report a process to fabricate optically graded uniformly distributed high-density textured conical pillars on si surface, which has an ultrahigh absorption of 98.7% in 300-2000 nm range. to this end, chemical etching of silicon wafer (p-type and n-type) is done with koh and hna solutions to obtain different multiscale (micro/nano) textured surfaces. vertex angle on different textured si surfaces is measured. measured vertex angle found to be nearly equal to the theoretically expected value. effect of vertex angle on the overall light trapping capacity is studied. subsequently, these textured surfaces are coated with layers of iron oxide and zno to enhance the absorption capacity. detailed characterization of this multilayered assembly is performed using atomic force microscope (afm), scanning electron microscopy (sem), energy dispersive x-ray spectroscopy (eds), uv-vis-nir spectroscopy, contact angle analyzer. it is shown through contact angle measurement that the assembly has a hydrophobic nature, making it an attractive candidate for solar energy applications.

Paper 51
Title: roll to roll fabrication of thin film silicon solar cells on nano-textured substrates
Abstract: ecn is developing a novel fabrication process for thin film silicon solar cells on steel foil. key features in this process are: (1) application of an insulating barrier layer which enables monolithic interconnection and texturization of the rear contact with submicron structures for light trapping; (2) si deposition with remote, linear pecvd; (3) series interconnection by laser scribing and printing after deposition of all layers, which reduces the total number of process steps. the barrier layer is essential for the monolithic series interconnection of cells, but we show that it also enables optimum light trapping in the solar cells. we can fabricate any arbitrary sub-micron surface profile by hot embossing the barrier layer. for deposition of doped and intrinsic silicon layers we use novel remote, linear plasma sources, which are excellently suited for continuous roll-to-roll processing. we have been able to fabricate device-quality amorphous and microcrystalline silicon layers with these sources. the first nip a-si cells were made on steel substrates with flat barrier layer and had initial efficiencies of 6.3%, showing the potential of the concept.

Paper 52
Title: numerical simulation of rear contact silicon solar cell with a novel front surface design for the suppression of interface recombination and improved absorption
Abstract: nanostructuring has been projected as an appropriate technique to make thin silicon an efficient absorber. although nano-textured surfaces have shown an anti-reflective effect, their surface passivation properties are found to be generally worse compared to standard micro-textured surfaces. here, a novel front surface design has been proposed and simulated to balance the photonic and electronic effects together. zro2 based texturing has been used along with sic-based front surface passivation for the suppression of interface recombination and improvement of open-circuit voltage (v-oc). the device under investigation shows record v-oc of 662 mv in the sub-10 mu m-thick rear contact silicon solar cell. the presence of zro2 and sic significantly improves the optical as well as the electrical behavior of the device. the device exhibits external quantum efficiency (eqe) > 81% in the spectrum range of 320-720 nm wavelength spectrum with a maximum of 95.6% at wavelength 560 nm. these improvements lead to 15.7% efficient rear contact silicon solar cell, in the sub-10 mu m-thick regime. in second approach power conversion efficiency (pce) of 21.6% has been achieved, by introducing the same front surface design to a 300 mm thick device. all the simulations have been done using calibrated software program in atlas device simulation. (c) 2016 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 53
Title: natural random nanotexturing of the au interface for light backscattering enhanced performance in perovskite solar cells
Abstract: as the efficiency of a solar cell approaches its limits, photonic considerations to further enhance its performance overtake electronic ones. it has been theoretically shown for gaas solar cells that with the combined effects of a surface random texturing and a perfectly reflecting rear mirror, efficiencies close to the shockley queisser limit can be reached, even when the absorber layer is very thin. in here, we demonstrate a method for taking advantage of surface random texturing to enhance the efficiency of planar perovskite solar cells. by naturally transferring the perovskite random nano texturing to the back semiconductor/metal interface, where the contrast in the imaginary part of the refractive index is very large, backscattering reduces light escape from the solar cell structure. this leads to a close to optimal light absorption that allows bringing the cell efficiency from 19.3% to 19.8%. such a path we opened toward an ergodic behavior for maximum light absorption in perovskite cells may lead to the most efficient perovskite cells ever.

Paper 54
Title: highly transparent modulated surface textured front electrodes for high-efficiency multijunction thin-film silicon solar cells
Abstract: to further increase the efficiency of multijunction thin-film silicon (tf-si) solar cells, it is crucial for the front electrode to have a good transparency and conduction, to provide efficient light trapping for each subcell, and to ensure a suitable morphology for the growth of high-quality silicon layers. here, we present the implementation of highly transparent modulated surface textured (mst) front electrodes as light-trapping structures in multijunction tf-si solar cells. the mst substrates comprise a micro-textured glass, a thin layer of hydrogenated indium oxide (ioh), and a sub-micron nano-textured zno layer grown by low-pressure chemical vapor deposition (lpcvd zno). the bilayer ioh/lpcvd zno stack guarantees efficient light in-coupling and light trapping for the top amorphous silicon (a-si:h) solar cell while minimizing the parasitic absorption losses. the crater-shaped micro-textured glass provides both efficient light trapping in the red and infrared wavelength range and a suitable morphology for the growth of high-quality nanocrystalline silicon (nc-si:h) layers. thanks to the efficient light trapping for the individual subcells and suitable morphology for the growth of high-quality silicon layers, multijunction solar cells deposited on mst substrates have a higher efficiency than those on single-textured state-of-the-art lpcvd zno substrates. efficiencies of 14.8% (initial) and 12.5% (stable) have been achieved for a-si:h/nc-si:h tandem solar cells with the mst front electrode, surpassing efficiencies obtained on state-of-the-art lpcvd zno, thereby highlighting the high potential of mst front electrodes for high-efficiency multijunction solar cells. copyright (c) 2015 john wiley & sons, ltd.

Paper 55
Title: optimization of highly efficient random grating thin-film solar cell using modified gravitational search algorithm and particle swarm optimization algorithm
Abstract: a design of hydrogenated amorphous silicon (a-si:h) solar cell (sc) based on one-dimensional subwavelength grating with nonuniform distribution is proposed and optimized using modified hybrid gravitational search algorithm and particle swarm optimization (gsa-pso). the reported structure consists of nine gratings with different widths, positions, and heights that can enhance the light trapping through the sc. the nonuniform grating positions and geometrical parameters of the proposed design are optimized in terms of absorption, ultimate efficiency, and short circuit current density. the absorption inside the active layer is enhanced by 67.5% over the conventional thin-film sc. further, the exposed area caused by forward nano-texturing surface is increased. moreover, the nonuniform grating parameters and distribution support better light absorption than the periodic grating distribution by increasing the optical path length of the incident light through the active layer. therefore, the suggested sc achieves a broadband absorption improvement. the enhanced absorption in the active layer is reported using three-dimensional finite-difference time-domain method. in addition, the performance of the suggested sc using different active layer materials, i.e., crystalline silicon, a-si:h, and gallium arsenide is studied. the hydrogenated amorphous silicon-based design shows high ultimate efficiency of 38.73%, short-circuit current density (j(sc)) of 34.69 ma/cm(2), open-circuit voltage of 1.0393 v, and power conversion efficiency of 35.4%. the modified gsa-pso algorithm shows also high potential for the design and optimization of different types of solar cells. (c) 2018 society of photo-optical instrumentation engineers (spie)

Paper 56
Title: n-type black silicon solar cells
Abstract: black silicon is an interesting surface texture for solar cells because of its extremely low reflectance on a wide wavelength range and acceptance angle. in this paper we present how black silicon (b-si) texturization can be applied on the boron doped front surface of an n-type solar cell resulting in an efficiency of 18.7 %. we show that the highly boron doped emitter can be formed on black silicon without losing its good optical properties and that atomic layer deposited aluminum oxide provides good surface passivation on these boron doped b-si emitters. (c) 2013 the authors. published by elsevier ltd.

Paper 57
Title: performance analysis of rigorous coupled-wave analysis and its integration in a coupled modeling approach for optical simulation of complete heterojunction silicon solar cells
Abstract: a variety of light management structures have been introduced in solar cells to improve light harvesting and further boost their conversion efficiency. reliable and accurate simulation tools are required to design and optimize the individual structures and complete devices. in the first part of this paper, we analyze the performance of rigorous coupled-wave analysis (rcwa) for accurate three-dimensional optical simulation of solar cells, in particular heterojunction silicon (hj si) solar cells. the structure of hj si solar cells consists of thin and thick layers, and additionally, micro- and nano-textures are also introduced to further exploit the potential of light trapping. the rcwa was tested on the front substructure of the solar cell, including the texture, thin passivation and contact layers. inverted pyramidal textures of different sizes were included in the simulations. the simulations rapidly converge as long as the textures are small (in the (sub)micrometer range), while for larger microscale textures (feature sizes of a few micrometers), this is not the case. small textures were optimized to decrease the reflectance, and consequently, increase the absorption in the active layers of the solar cell. decreasing the flat parts of the texture was shown to improve performance. for simulations of structures with microtextures, and for simulations of complete hj si cells, we propose a coupled modeling approach (cma), where the rcwa is coupled with raytracing and the transfer matrix method. by means of cma and nanotexture optimization, we show the possible benefits of nanotextures at the front interface of hj si solar cells, demonstrating a 13.4% improvement in the short-circuit current density with respect to the flat cell and 1.4% with respect to the cell with double-sided random micropyramids. we additionally demonstrate the ability to simulate a combination of nano- and microtextures at a single interface, although the considered structure did not show an improvement over the pyramidal textures.

Paper 58
Title: superhydrophobic surfaces with antireflection properties for solar applications: a critical review
Abstract: antireflective surfaces with superhydrophobic characteristics are of considerable current interest owing to their potential utility in solving key technological problems. superhydrophobic surfaces possess self-cleaning characteristics due to their unique surface texture and chemistry, which control wettability. the surface micro/nano texturing combined with low surface energy of materials lead to enhance anti wetting properties. self-cleaning surfaces exhibit special anti-wetting properties owing to the water contact angle greater than 150 degrees leading to the ready rolling-off of water droplets. the surfaces can be made hydrophobic using two key pathways: i) making a rough surface from a low surface energy material, and ii) making a rough surface and modifying it with material of low surface energy. similarly, transparent surface coatings with suitable optical path differences can suppress reflection from surfaces. high transparency is crucial in improving the performance of optical equipment and devices, such as windows, lenses, solar panels, etc. a normal solar panel absorbs only about 25% of the incident solar radiation, the remainder being reflected. design and implementation of transparent super hydrophobic surfaces that repel atmospheric dust from solar panels, and thus reduce reflectivity of the surfaces are thus highly desirable. in this review, recent developments in antireflective, transparent, and super hydrophobic surfaces, with particular emphasis on glass and polymer materials, are highlighted. the review contains four sections as follows: (i) brief description of the basic concepts and principles of antireflection and self-cleaning; (ii) detailed fabrication pathways and their mechanisms; (iii) challenges faced in practical applications; and (iv) trends of future developments. overall, a comprehensive overview of antireflective surfaces with superhydrophobic characteristics is provided in light of the current challenges. (c) 2016 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 59
Title: amorphous/crystalline silicon heterojunction solar cells with black silicon texture
Abstract: excellent passivation of black silicon surfaces by thin amorphous silicon layers deposited with plasma enhanced chemical vapor deposition is demonstrated. minority charge carrier lifetimes of 1.3 milliseconds, enabling an implied open-circuit voltage of 714 mv, were achieved. the influence of amorphous silicon parasitic epitaxial growth and thickness, as well as of the texture depth is investigated. furthermore, quantum efficiency gains for wavelengths above 600 nm, as compared to random textured solar cells, are demonstrated in 17.2% efficient amorphous-crystalline silicon heterojunction solar cells with black silicon texture. ((c) 2014 wiley-vch verlag gmbh &co. kgaa, weinheim)

Paper 60
Title: modelling supported design of light management structures in ultra-thin cigs photovoltaic devices
Abstract: chalcopyrite solar cells exhibit one of the highest conversion efficiencies among thin-film solar cell technologies (> 23.3%), however a considerably thick absorber >= 1.8 mu m is required for an efficient absorption of the long-wavelength light and collection of charge carriers. in order to minimize the material consumption and to accelerate the fabrication process, further thinning down of the absorber layer is important. using a thin absorber layer results in a highly reduced photocurrent density and to compensate for it an effective light management needs to be introduced. experimentally supported, advanced optical simulations in a pv module configuration, i.e. solar cell structure including the encapsulation and front glass are employed to design solutions to increase the short current density of devices with ultra-thin (500 nm) absorbers. in particular (i) highly reflective metal back reflector (br), (ii) internal nano-textures and (iii) external textures by applying a light management (lm) foil are investigated by simulations. experimental verification of simulation results is presented for the external texture case. in the scope of this contribution we show that any individual aforementioned approach is not sufficient to compensate for the short circuit current drop of the thin cigs, but only a combination of highly reflective back contact and introduction of textures (internal or external) is able to compensate and also to exceed (by more than 5 % for internal texture) photocurrent density of a thick (1800 nm) cigs absorber.

Paper 61
Title: a novel method to produce black silicon for solar cells
Abstract: in the present study, the black silicon has been successfully produced by plasma immersion ion implantation (piii). the microstructure and the reflectance of the black silicon have been investigated by field emission scanning electron microscope and spectrophotometer, respectively. results show that the black silicon exhibits a needle-like structure with the average reflectance of 1.79%. the solar cell based on black silicon yields an efficiency of 15.68% with a fill factor (ff) of 0.783. (c) 2011 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.

Paper 62
Title: fabrication of sub-micrometer periodic nanostructures using pulsed laser interference for efficient light trapping in optoelectronic devices
Abstract: surface nano-texturing can play an important role for efficiency enhancement of light emission and absorption in optoelectronic devices through reduced surface reflection or enhanced broadband absorption. periodic and uniform semiconductor nanostructures are highly applicable in bandgap tuning applications but are quite challenging to realize through conventional techniques. we present the fabrication of large area and uniform square lattice based periodic nanostructures with 300 - 400 nm spatial periodicity on a gaas substrate using pulsed laser interference. single pulses from a plane-polarized pulsed laser working at 355 nm with 20-50 mj energy and 7 ns pulse duration are used in a conventional four beam interference geometry at an incidence angle of 36.3 degrees to realize square lattice patterns on photoresist coated over the gaas substrate. the optical properties of the proposed designs are studied using fdtd simulations and show more than 95% of electromagnetic energy trapping over a broad optical wavelength range. this semiconductor based nanostructuring technology can find applications in improving the efficiency of solar cells or light emitting devices.

Paper 63
Title: nio thin films synthesized by sol-gel: potentiality for the realization of antireflection layer for silicon based solar cell applications
Abstract: in this work we present a study on the effect of nickel oxide (nio) thin films deposited by sol-gel technique on the optical reflectivity of silicon substrates with and without a thin porous layer. up to six layers of nio have been deposited at the same optimized experimental conditions. the as-deposited films were pre-heated at 300 degrees c for 10 min and then annealed in ambient atmosphere at 600 degrees c for 1 h the reflectivity spectra were measured by using a uv-vis spectrophotometer. the reflectivity of the untreated silicon is about 45% within 300-1200 nm spectral range. it was found that the reflectivity decreases after the deposition of the nio thin layers. the minimum value of the reflectivity (about 15%) is obtained after the deposition of two layers of nio. for a higher number of nio layers, the reflectivity increases but remains still lower than that of the untreated silicon. then, after the optimization on the number of layers, nio thin films are treated at various temperatures after being deposited at the same experimental conditions. the surface morphology of the nio films was investigated by atomic force microscopy (afm). the surface morphology of the nio thin films has a pyramidal nano-textured surface and changes by varying the number of layers. the porous silicon thin films were elaborated using the chemical vapor etching technique. it was found that the total reflectivity decreases by increasing the etching time. the optimal result corresponding to a reflectivity of 12% was obtained by combination of nio and ps to form nio/ ps structure. (c) 2016 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 64
Title: fabrication and characteristics of black silicon for solar cell applications: an overview
Abstract: anti-reflective (ar) coatings are a critical component of a commercially viable solar cell because by lowering reflection from the surface of the cell they enable more light to be absorbed and hence improve the power conversion efficiency of the cell. silicon solar cells represent > 80% of present commercial cells and the most common ar coating is pecvd silicon nitride; however, recently, black silicon (b-si) surfaces have been proposed as an alternative. black silicon is a surface modification of silicon in which a nanoscale surface structure is formed through etching. due to the continuous change of the refractive index of this structure surfaces with very low reflectivities are observed (similar to 1%). this review summarizes the recent and substantial developments of black silicon for use in solar cells and discusses the advantages and disadvantages of the different methods of fabrication. (c) 2014 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.

Paper 65
Title: picosecond laser microstructuring for black silicon solar cells
Abstract: sulfur-doping and broad band absorptive black silicon materials were fabricated by picosecond laser irradiation. two kinds of microstructures, laser induced periodic surface structure (lipss) and conical spikes were obtained by changing parameters of laser scanning. black silicon solar cells with back surface field were explored. influences of different rear side structures to devices were presented and conversion efficiency of 9% is available.

Paper 66
Title: highly efficient industrial large-area black silicon solar cells achieved by surface nanostructured modification
Abstract: traditional black silicon solar cells show relatively low efficiencies due to the high surface recombination occurring at the front surfaces. in this paper, we present a surface modification process to suppress surface recombination and fabricate highly efficient industrial black silicon solar cells. the ag-nanoparticle-assisted etching is applied to realize front surface nanostructures on silicon wafers in order to reduce the surface reflectance. through a further tetramethylammonium hydroxide (tmah) treatment, the carrier recombination at and near the surface is greatly suppressed, due to a lower surface dopant concentration after the surface modification. this modified surface presents a low reflectivity in a range of 350-1100 nm. large-area solar cells with an average conversion efficiency of 19.03% are achieved by using the tmah treatment of 30 s. this efficiency is 0.18% higher than that of standard silicon solar cells with pyramidal surfaces, and also a remarkable improvement compared with black silicon solar cells without tmah modifications. (c) 2015 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 67
Title: nanotextured crystalline silicon solar cells
Abstract: nano-scale textures are formed on crystalline silicon surfaces by using a two-step electroless wet-chemical method consisting of a treatment in an activated na2s2o8 (k2s2o8) solution for localized oxidation/surface reaction and silver nanoparticles deposition. the oxidation/reaction products are etched in an aqueous solution of hf and h2o2 assisted by the presence of silver nanoparticles. the reflectance of the nanotextured silicon wafer surfaces less than 5% in the spectral interval 300900nm is observed. it was found that the surface texture can withstand without significantly changing the high-temperature solar cell processing. a weighted reflectance of 9.5% and 16.43% efficiency are obtained on nanotextured mc-si solar cells with an active area of 146mm2 prepared using the standard screen-printing technique.

Paper 68
Title: realization of conformal doping on multicrystalline silicon solar cells and black silicon solar cells by plasma immersion ion implantation
Abstract: emitted multi-crystalline silicon and black silicon solar cells are conformal doped by ion implantation using the plasma immersion ion implantation (piii) technique. the non-uniformity of emitter doping is lower than 5%. the secondary ion mass spectrometer profile indicates that the piii technique obtained 100-nm shallow emitter and the emitter depth could be impelled by furnace annealing to 220 nm and 330 nm at 850 degrees c with one and two hours, respectively. furnace annealing at 850 degrees c could effectively electrically activate the dopants in the silicon. the efficiency of the black silicon solar cell is 14.84% higher than that of the mc-silicon solar cell due to more incident light being absorbed.

Paper 69
Title: 17.3% efficient black silicon solar cell without dielectric antireflection coating
Abstract: 17.3% efficient black silicon (b-si) solar cell without antireflection coating was achieved via tetramethylammonium hydroxide (tmah) etching after the formation of the diffusion emitter. large area (156 x 156 mm(2)) b-si wafers were prepared by silver-nanoparticle-assisted etching on pyramid-structured silicon wafers. the modification of nanostructures of silicon surface by tmah etching suppresses the surface recombination and auger recombination at and near the emitter surface, and the effective minority carrier lifetime of the b-si solar cells was improved from 10.7 mu s to 20.8 mu s. although the average reflectance of the b-si solar cell slightly increases from 2.38% to 2.71% via the process of tmah etching, it is a small loss compared with the beneficial impact of the improvement of the carrier recombination lifetime. as a result, the internal quantum efficiency at short wavelength region was improved through the tmah etch treatment, which was a main limiting factor for the efficiency of b-si solar cells. (c) 2014 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.

Paper 70
Title: influence of the texturing structure on the properties of black silicon solar cell
Abstract: an optimized textured structure is a key for high efficiency multi-crystalline silicon solar cell. in this work, black silicon wafers with various structures have been successfully produced by plasma immersion ion implantation. the surface morphology, reflectance and internal quantum efficiency have been investigated by atomic force microscope, spectrophotometer and quantum efficiency measurement system, respectively. results show that nanohillocks with average height of 150-600 nm have been generated on black silicon surfaces by different texturing conditions, and the reflectance over the wavelength from 300 nm to 1100 nm decreases with increasing the height of nanohillocks, whereas the internal quantum efficiency worsens. the solar cell based on the optimized nanohillocks height of 300 nm yeilds efficiency of 15.99% with short circuit current of 34.0 ma/cm(2). (c) 2012 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 71
Title: one-step fabrication of nanoporous black silicon surfaces for solar cells using modified etching solution
Abstract: currently, a conventional two-step method has been used to generate black silicon (bs) surfaces on silicon substrates for solar cell manufacturing. however, the performances of the solar cell made with such surface generation method are poor, because of the high surface recombination caused by deep etching in the conventional surface generation method for bs. in this work, a modified wet chemical etching solution with additives was developed. a homogeneous bs layer with random porous structure was obtained from the modified solution in only one step at room temperature. the bs layer had low reflectivity and shallow etching depth. the additive in the etch solution performs the function of ph-modulation. after 16-min etching, the etching depth in the samples was approximately 200 nm, and the spectrum-weighted-reflectivity in the range from 300 rim to 1200 nm was below 5%. bs solar cells were fabricated in the production line. the decreased etching depth can improve the electrical performance of solar cells because of the decrease in surface recombination. an efficiency of 15.63% for the modified etching bs solar cells was achieved on a large area, p-type single crystalline silicon substrate with a 624.32-mv open circuit voltage and a 77.88% fill factor.

Paper 72
Title: the study of defect removal etching of black silicon for solar cells
Abstract: to enhance the absorption of incident light of solar cells, multicrystalline black silicon has been successfully fabricated by plasma immersion ion implantation using sf6 and o-2. after that a defect removal etching (dre) process under different conditions has been performed to slow down the surface recombination by decreasing surface area and plasma etching damage. the surface microstructures, reflectance and internal quantum efficiency have been investigated by a field emission scanning electron microscope, a spectrophotometer and a quantum efficiency measurement system, respectively. it is found that the height and density of nanohills on the surface of black silicon decreases with increase in time of dre, and the surface reflectance decreases with increase in height and density of nanohills. the internal quantum efficiency(iqe) of solar cells with a dre process shows a large improvement than that without a dre process, so as the performance of conversion efficiency. the best performance of the solar cells with a dre process shows the conversion efficiency, open circuit voltage and short circuit current density as high as 17.46%, 623 mv and 35.99 ma/cm(2), showing an improvement of conversion efficiency of 0.72% than that of conventional acid textured cells. (c) 2014 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.

Paper 73
Title: the study on the properties of black multicrystalline silicon solar cell varying with the diffusion temperature
Abstract: the black multi-crystalline silicon (mc-si) has been successfully produced by plasma immersion ion implantation. the microstructure and the reflectance of the black mc-si have been investigated by atomic force microscope and spectrophotometer, respectively. results show that the black mc-si exhibits a hillock structure with a low reflectance. besides, with decreasing the diffusion temperature, the external quantum efficiency of the black mc-si solar cell increases below similar to 550 nm wavelength due to reduced surface recombination. the optimal conversion effieciency of the black mc-si solar cell is 15.50% at the diffusion temperature of 825 degrees c. furthermore, it is interesting to find that there are something different between black mc-si and acid etched mc-si on the impact of diffusion. (c) 2011 published by elsevier ltd. selection and/or peer-review under responsibility of the organizing committee of 2nd international conference on advances in energy engineering (icaee).

Paper 74
Title: sf6/ar plasma textured periodic glass surface morphologies with high transmittance and haze ratio of ito:zr films for amorphous silicon thin film solar cells
Abstract: we report various sf6/ar plasma textured periodic glass surface morphologies with high transmittance, haze ratio, and root mean square (rms) roughness of ito:zr films for amorphous silicon thin film solar cells (a-si tfscs). sf6/ar plasma textured glass surface morphologies contain micro- and nano-textured features that help to scatter the light in visible and near infra-red (nir) wavelength regions. we designed the textured glass surface morphologies with big square craters to smaller pyramids for various glass etching times from 30 to 75 min. magnetron sputtered ito:zr (similar to 210 nm) films were deposited on textured glass surface morphologies and showed higher transmittance and haze ratio of 88.48% and 77.61%, respectively, in the visible-nir (400-1100 nm) wavelength region. the sheet resistance and resistivity of ito:zr films decreased with the increase of etching time, due to high rms roughness and better step coverage. a passivation azo (30 nm) layer was added to the ito:zr films, due to its better stability against hydrogen plasma exposure. the ito:zr/azo films were employed as a front tco layer and the current density voltage (j-v) characteristics of a-si tfscs increased by light scattering effect, without any reduction in either the open circuit voltage (v-oc) or the fill factor (ff). relative to flat glass substrate, j(sc) and the efficiency of a-si tfscs were enhanced by 7.51% and 19.39%, respectively, for textured glass surface morphology. (c) 2015 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.

Paper 75
Title: high-efficiency black silicon interdigitated back contacted solar cells on p-type and n-type c-si substrates
Abstract: this work demonstrates the high potential of al2o3 passivated black silicon in high-efficiency interdigitated back contacted (ibc) solar cells by reducing surface reflectance without jeopardizing surface passivation. very low reflectance values, below 0.7% in the 300-1000nm wavelength range, together with striking surface recombination velocities values of 17 and 5cm/s on p-type and n-type crystalline silicon substrates, respectively, are reached. the simultaneous fulfillment of requirements, low reflectance and low surface recombination, paves the way for the fabrication of high-efficiency ibc si solar cells using black silicon at their front surface. outstanding photovoltaic efficiencies over 22% have been achieved both in p-type and n-type 9-cm(2) cells. 3d simulations suggest that efficiencies of up to 24% can be obtained in the future with minor modifications in the baseline fabrication process. copyright (c) 2015 john wiley & sons, ltd.

Paper 76
Title: laser textured black silicon solar cells with improved efficiencies
Abstract: femtosecond laser irradiation of silicon has been used for improving light absorption at its surface. in this work we demonstrate the successful implementation of femtosecond laser texturisation to enhance light absorption at si solar cell surface. in order to adapt this technology into solar industry, the texturisation process is carried out in air ambient. the microstructure similar to what has been produced in vacuum can be made in air by using appropriate laser conditions. the texturised surface shows excellent optical properties with a reflectivity down to 7% without crystalline orientation dependence. junction formation and metallisation proceeded after texturisation. suns-voc measurements are performed to evaluate the cell performance and decent electrical characteristics have been achieved.

Paper 77
Title: laser processed black silicon for photovoltaic applications
Abstract: we present a femtosecond laser pulse process that induces a texture-like surface structure on silicon wafers and optionally incorporates sulfur into the silicon lattice for emitter formation depending on the processing atmosphere. such laser processed black silicon provides an easily adjustable surface roughness for good light trapping in silicon solar cells. the structure is independent of the silicon crystal orientation and is easily applied on one wafer side only. a sulfur emitter can be formed within the laser structuring process, and allows electric current extraction from a solar cell structure manufactured from this material. then the advantage is that no further emitter formation step like diffusion is necessary compared to other black silicon solar cell approaches, where the black silicon is created wet chemically. by incorporating sulfur in the silicon crystal lattice, we can show that this black silicon absorbs in the infrared wavelength regime. this characteristic can potentially be used to better exploit the energy in the sun spectrum. we manufacture a laser processed black silicon solar cell prototype without any emitter diffusion step and achieve the highest efficiency of 4.5 % reported for this cell type. (c) 2012 published by elsevier ltd. selection and peer-review under responsibility of the scientific committee of the siliconpv 2012 conference.

Paper 78
Title: high-efficiency n-type hp mc silicon solar cells
Abstract: silicon solar cells featuring the highest conversion efficiencies are made from monocrystalline n-type silicon. the superior crystal quality of high-performance multicrystalline silicon (hp mc) in combination with the inherent benefits of n-type doping (higher tolerance to common impurities) should allow the fabrication of high-efficiency solar cells also on mc silicon. in this paper, we address high-efficiency n-type hp mc solar cells with diffused boron front emitter and full-area passivating rear contact (topcon). n-type hp mc silicon was crystallized at fraunhofer ise featuring a very high average lifetime in the range of 600 mu s (i.e., diffusion length >800 mu m) after application of all high-temperature steps necessary for cell fabrication. using a "black silicon" front texture we have achieved a weighted reflectance of similar to 1% and simultaneously a very good electrical performance, i.e., j(0e) values of <= 60 fa/cm(2) for a 90 omega/sq emitter. the resulting n-type mc silicon solar cells show certified conversion efficiencies up to 21.9%, representing the current world record for mc silicon solar cells.

Paper 79
Title: black silicon layer formation for application in solar cells
Abstract: low-cost, large area, random and mask less texturing scheme independent of crystal orientation are some of the factors that significantly influence the success of terrestrial photovoltaic technology. this work is focused on the texturing of the silicon surface microstructures by reactive ion etching using a multi-hollow cathode system. desirable texturing effect has been achieved by applying a radio-frequency power of about 20 w per hollow cathode glow. the etched silicon surface shows almost zero reflectance in the visible region as well as in near-ir region. the silicon surface is covered by columnar microstructures with diameters ranging from 50 to 100 nn and with a depth of about 500 nm. solar cells with efficiencies of 11.7% and 10.2% with black mono-crystalline and multicrystalline silicon wafers, respectively, were successfully fabricated and tested. (c) 2006 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 80
Title: black silicon formation using dry etching for solar cells applications
Abstract: a study on the formation of black silicon on crystalline silicon surface using sf6/o-2 and sf6/o-2/ch4 based plasmas in a reactive ion etching (rie) system is presented. the effect of the rf power, chamber pressure, process time, gas flow rates, and gas mixtures on the texture of silicon surface has been analyzed. completely black silicon surfaces containing pyramid like structures have been obtained, using an optimized mask-free plasma process. moreover, the black silicon surfaces have demonstrated average values of 1% and 4% for specular and diffuse reflectance respectively, feature that is suitable for the fabrication of low cost solar cells. (c) 2012 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 81
Title: an investigation on a crystalline-silicon solar cell with black silicon layer at the rear
Abstract: crystalline-si (c-si) solar cell with black si (b-si) layer at the rear was studied in order to develop c-si solar cell with sub-band gap photovoltaic response. the b-si was made by chemical etching. the c-si solar cell with b-si at the rear was found to perform far better than that of similar structure but with no b-si at the rear, with the efficiency being increased relatively by 27.7%. this finding was interesting as b-si had a large specific surface area, which could cause high surface recombination and degradation of solar cell performance. a graded band gap was found to form at the rear of the c-si solar cell with b-si layer at the rear. this graded band gap tended to expel free electrons away from the rear, thus reducing the probability of electron-hole recombination at b-si and improving the performance of c-si solar cell.

Paper 82
Title: effect of substrate temperature on the properties of ito film and black silicon sis solar cells
Abstract: the cone nanostructures on n-silicon were fabricated by combination mask with reactive ion etching. after forming ultra-thin sio2, on black silicon by wet oxidation method, the indium tin oxide (ito) film was deposited by magnetron sputtering equipment. finally, the ito/siox,/n-si solar cell was fabricated. the photoelectric conversion efficiency of cells improved because of nanostructures, which can increase the absorption of light. results showed that ito deposited at different temperatures and presented the good optical and electrical properties. the ito film grown at 250 degrees c exhibited the excellent optical and electrical properties. in 400 similar to 1 000 nm wavelength, the average transmittance of ito up to 93.1%. by optimizing the h2o2 pretreatment time, the short circuit current of sis solar cell increased from 26.84 ma/cm(2) to 34.31 ma/cm(2) due to the oxygen vacancy defects decrease in siox, layers. when using h2o2, pretreated black silicon for 15 min and deposited ito at 150 degrees c, the sis solar cell conversion efficiency reached 3.61%.

Paper 83
Title: black silicon back-contact module with wide light acceptance angle
Abstract: in this work, a photovoltaic mini-module combining interdigitated back-contacted solar cells with black silicon in the front was implemented as a proof of concept. the module consists of nine solar cells connected in series with an active area of 86.5 cm(2). both the assembly and panel encapsulation were made using industrial back-contact module technology. noticeable photovoltaic efficiencies of 18.1% and 19.9% of the whole module and the best individual cell of the module, respectively, demonstrate that fragile nanostructures can withstand standard module fabrication stages. open-circuit voltage and fill factor values of 5.76 v and 81.6%, respectively, reveal that series interconnection between cells works as expected, confirming a good ohmic contact between cell busbars and the conductive backsheet. additionally, the excellent quasi-omnidirectional antireflection properties of black silicon surfaces prevail at module level, as it is corroborated by light incidence angle dependence measurements of the short-circuit current parameter.

Paper 84
Title: efficient nanostructured 'black' silicon solar cell by copper-catalyzed metal-assisted etching
Abstract: we produce low-reflectivity nanostructured 'black' silicon (bsi) using copper (cu) nanoparticles as the catalyst for metal-assisted etching and demonstrate a 17.0%-efficient cu-etched bsi solar cell without any vacuum-deposited anti-reflection coating. the concentration ratio of hf to h2o2 in the etch solution provides control of the nanostructure morphology. the solar-spectrum-weighted average reflection (r-ave) for bsi is as low as 3.1% on cu-etched planar samples; we achieve lower reflectivity by nanostructuring of micron-scale pyramids. successful cu-based anti-reflection etching requires a concentration ratio [hf]/[h2o2] >= 3. our 17.0%-efficient cu-etched bsi photovoltaic cell with a pyramid-texture has a r-ave of 3% and an open circuit voltage (v-oc) of 616mv that might be further improved by reducing near-surface phosphorus (p) densities. copyright (c) 2014 john wiley & sons, ltd.

Paper 85
Title: nanoporous black multi-crystalline silicon solar cells: realization of low reflectance and explanation of high recombination loss
Abstract: nanoporous black silicon (nb-si) structures with/without saw damage removal (sdr) on solar-grade multi-crystalline silicon substrates have been formed by simple ag-induced chemical etching. the nb-si shows a unique morphology of nano-scale holes on micron-scale patterns with low reflectance (< 5%). the photovoltaic properties of nb-si solar cells show that sdr process prior to ag-induced chemical etching is an effective way to lower recombination and ohmic losses, resulting in significant efficiency enhancement of 26.0%. to further reduce the recombination loss for the nb-si solar cells with similar to 10% efficiency, a two-layer emitter model has been introduced to explain the reduced emitter diffusion length that significantly lower spectral response. this suggests that removing residual ag nanoparticles completely might be the key approach to enhance the spectral response of nb-si solar cells with very low surface reflectance, thus increasing the final conversion efficiency. (c) 2012 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.

Paper 86
Title: black surface structures for crystalline silicon solar cells
Abstract: front surface texturing processed by wet or dry etching improves efficiencies of solar cells, due to reduced reflection and light trapping with antireflection coatings. random reactive ion etching (rie) techniques are very effective for application with low-cost, large area crystalline silicon solar cells. in this paper, we studied a sf6/o-2 rie process without mask texturing of silicon. by this process, pyramids of needle-like structure (with diameters ranging from 50 non to 70 nm) were formatted by local and regenerating oxide masking and inhomogeneous etching. after the rie process, we also investigated damage removal etching(dre) as a function of the etching time to determine which produced the highest cell performance for screen-printed cell fabrication sequences. crystalline silicon solar cells fabricated in a conventional industrial production line applying optimized film deposition and annealing conditions on a large area substrate (125 mm x 125 mm) had conversion efficiencies as high as 15.1%. (c) 2008 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 87
Title: characterization of the nanosized porous structure of black si solar cells fabricated via a screen printing process
Abstract: a silicon (si) surface with a nanosized porous structure was formed via simple wet chemical etching catalyzed by gold (au) nanoparticles on p-type cz-si (100). the average reflectivity from 300 to 1200 nm was less than 1.5%. black si solar cells were then fabricated using a conventional production process. the results reflected the output characteristics of the cells fabricated using different etching depths and emitter dopant profiles. heavier dopants and shallower etching depths should be adopted to optimize the black si solar cell output characteristics. the efficiency at the optimized etching time and dopant profile was 12.17%. however, surface passivation and electrode contact due to the nanosized porous surface structure are still obstacles to obtaining high conversion efficiency for the black si solar cells.

Paper 88
Title: mass production test of solar cells and modules made of 100% umg silicon. 20.76% record efficiency
Abstract: for more than 15 years ferroatlantica (now ferroglobe) has been developing a method of silicon purification to obtain upgraded metallurgical grade silicon (umg-si) for pv solar application without blending. after many improvements and optimizations, the final process has clearly demonstrated its validity in terms of quality and costs. in this paper the authors present new results stemming from a first mass-production campaign and a detailed description of the purification process that results in the tested umg-si. the subsequent steps in the value chain for the wafer, cell and module manufacturing are also described. two independent companies, among the tier-1 solar cells producers, were selected for the industrial test, each using a different solar cell technology: al-bsf and black silicon + perc. cells and modules were manufactured in conventional production lines and their performances compared to those obtained with standard polysilicon wafers produced in the same lines and periods. thus, for al-bsf technology, the average efficiency of solar cells obtained with umg-si was (18.4 +/- 0.4)% compared to 18.49% obtained with polysilicon-made wafers. in the case of black silicon + perc, the average efficiency obtained with umg-si was (20.1 +/- 0.6)%, compared to 20.41% for polysilicon multicrystalline wafers.

Paper 89
Title: bifacial p-type silicon shingle solar cells - the "pspeer" concept
Abstract: shingled interconnection of solar cells allows increased output power density p(out) by (i) increasing the active cell area within the module, (ii) decreasing shading losses, and (iii) reducing both series resistance per cell as well as interconnection losses. an additional increase in p(out) is possible by shingled interconnection using bifacial solar cells, allowing the light capture from the rear side as well. the p-type silicon shingled passivated edge, emitter, and rear (pspeer) solar cell concept introduced and examined in this work as an approach for fabrication of bifacial shingle solar cells is based on the passivated emitter and rear cell (perc) concept. this article portrays bifacial pspeer solar cells that are fabricated using industrial 6-inch p-type czochralski-grown silicon perc precursors. after contact firing, the 6-inch host wafers are separated by means of conventional laser scribing and manual mechanical cleaving into six pspeer solar cells each with an area of 23 x 148 mm(2). current-voltage measurements of these bifacial pspeer solar cells with front side illumination yield peak p(out,f) = 20.4 mw cm(-2) on a black background (total cell area, busbar included). for an irradiance of 1000 w m(-2), this p(out,f) is equivalent to an energy conversion efficiency of 20.4%. by additional rear side illumination with an irradiance of 100 w m(-2), peak p(out) = 21.5 mw cm(-2) is obtained for these pspeer solar cells.

Paper 90
Title: the study of the defect removal etching of black silicon for diamond wire sawn multi-crystalline silicon solar cells
Abstract: we produced low-reflectivity nanostructured black silicon by metal-assisted chemical etching (mace) technology on the 15.6 cm x 15.6 cm diamond wire sawn (dws) multi-crystalline silicon (mc-si) wafers. subsequently, defect removal etching (dre) processes were carried out for various times to form nanohills with different sizes on the wafer surface. the experimental results indicated that the dre process could influence the size of the nanohills, reflectivity and the recombination velocities of the silicon wafers. it was found that for the black silicon wafer, with the increasing of dre time, the reflectivity became larger and the passivation effect became better. the reflectivity and the passivation effect can be adjusted by suitable dre processes. by this way, we successfully fabricated the dws mc-si solar cell (15.6 cm x 15.6 cm) with the highest conversion efficiency of 19.07%, showing an improvement in efficiency of 0.6% compared to a dws mc-si solar cell (15.6 cm x 15.6 cm) prepared by conventional acidic texturization.

Paper 91
Title: the influence of surface texture on the efficiency of crystalline si solar cells
Abstract: in this paper, we report an investigation into the effect of the surface texturing on the efficiency of c-si solar cells. in order to investigate the effect of the texture, solar cells were fabricated with various textured surfaces by using conventional anisotropic etching with a mixture of koh and isopropyl alcohol, reactive ion etching, and ag-catalyzed etching. the reflectances of the textured surfaces ranged from 9.11% to 1.47% at wavelengths between 400 and 1000nm. however, the efficiencies of cells ranged from 15.83% to 17.78%. the observed changes in cell efficiency for surfaces with different textures were due to changes in the doping profile.

Paper 92
Title: periodic upright nanopyramids for light management applications in ultrathin crystalline silicon solar cells
Abstract: motivated by the primary benefit of reduced material cost, the thickness of crystalline silicon solar cells has been continuously reduced. laboratory and industrial studies have explored ultrathin crystalline silicon solar cells below 50 mu m with ambitious endeavors toward thicknesses of only a few micrometers. ultrathin crystalline silicon solar cells require compatible small-scale surface textures to enhance the optical absorption. for this purpose, a novel submicron periodic nanostructure-periodic upright nanopyramids (punps)-is fabricated by an integrated process of laser interference lithography and anisotropic etching of silicon in an alkaline solution. by simulation and measurements, we demonstrate that punps are able to reduce front surface reflectance more effectively than conventional micron-scale pyramid textures and previously investigated periodic inverted nanopyramids (pinps). with a silicon nitride antireflection coating, we predict that punps reduce the front surface reflectance to below 1% at an angle of incidence of 8 degrees, which is comparable to black silicon. the superior antireflective property of punps contributes to an absorbed photocurrent density of 40.8 ma/cm(2) for a 40 mu m silicon absorber layer, which is 0.7 ma/cm(2) higher than pinps, 0.8 ma/cm(2) higher than inverted pyramids and 1 ma/cm(2) higher than upright pyramids.

Paper 93
Title: black silicon obtained in two-step short wet etching as a texture for silicon solar cells - surface microstructure and optical properties studies
Abstract: in this study a two-step short wet etching was implemented for the black silicon formation. the proposed structure consists of two steps. the first step: wet acidic etched pits-like morphology with a quite new solution of lowering the texturization temperature and second step: wires structure obtained by a metal assisted etching (mae). the temperature of the process was chosen due to surface development control and surface defects limitation during texturing process. this allowed to maintain better minority carrier lifetime compared to etching in ambient temperature. on the top of the acidic texture the wires were formed with optimized height of 350 nm. the effective reflectance of presented black silicon structure in the wavelength range of 300-1100 nm was equal to 3.65%.

Paper 94
Title: silicon nitride film by inline pecvd for black silicon solar cells
Abstract: the passivation process is of significant importance to produce high-efficiency black silicon solar cell due to its unique microstructure. the black silicon has been produced by plasma immersion ion implantation (piii) process. and the silicon nitride films were deposited by inline plasma-enhanced chemical vapor deposition (pecvd) to be used as the passivation layer for black silicon solar cell. the microstructure and physical properties of silicon nitride films were characterized by scanning electron microscope (sem), fourier transform infrared spectroscopy (ftir), spectroscopic ellipsometry, and the microwave photoconductance decay (mu-pcd) method. with optimizing the pecvd parameters, the conversion efficiency of black silicon solar cell can reach as high as 16.25%.

Paper 95
Title: performance enhancement techniques for the front and back of nanostructured "black silicon" solar cells
Abstract: nanostructured black silicon (bsi) exhibits a broadband antireflection (ar) response due to graded-index and scattering effects, unlike traditional quarter-wavelength dielectric ar coatings. we present various techniques to improve the front- and back-surface performance of nanostructured bsi solar cells. ammonium dihydrogen phosphate (adp) is used for proximity doping to reduce the physical impact on the bsi nanostructures during front-surface emitter formation. an optimum concentration of 2 wt. % of adp is found to result in a typical solar cell emitter sheet resistivity of 50 omega/sq. potassium hydroxide is used to etch off the highly doped region of the bsi solar cell front emitter, which results in lower surface recombination and up to a 23% increase in short wavelength (400 to 600 nm) internal quantum efficiency of the bsi solar cell. to reduce the series resistance and enhance surface passivation, forming gas anneal is employed, improving bsi cell's overall efficiency by over 31%. by optimizing the back-surface-field formed by sputtered aluminum (al), the backside recombination rate is reduced, improving external quantum efficiency by up to 11% in the long wavelength (>900 nm) region. (c) 2018 society of photo-optical instrumentation engineers (spie)

Paper 96
Title: high-performance black multicrystalline silicon solar cells by a highly simplified metal-catalyzed chemical etching method
Abstract: a wet-chemical surface texturing technique, including a two-step metal-catalyzed chemical etching (mcce) and an extra alkaline treatment, has been proven as an efficient way to fabricate high-efficiency black multicrystalline (mc) silicon solar cells, whereas it is limited by the production capacity and the cost cutting due to the complicated process. here, we demonstrated that with careful control of the composition in etching solution, low-aspect-ratio bowl-like nanostructures with atomically smooth surfaces could be directly achieved by improved one-step mcce and with no posttreatment, like alkali solution. the doublet surface texture of implementing this nanobowl structure upon the industrialized acidic-textured surface showed concurrent improvement in optical and electrical properties for realizing 18.23% efficiency mc-si solar cells (156 mm x 156 mm), which is sufficiently higher than 17.7% of the solely acidic-textured cells in the same batch. the one-step mcce method demonstrated in this study may provide a cost-effective way to manufacture high-performance mc-si solar cells for the present photovoltaic industry.

Paper 97
Title: in-situ fabrication of a self-aligned selective emitter silicon solar cell using the gold top contacts to facilitate the synthesis of a nanostructured black silicon antireflective layer instead of an external metal nanoparticle catalyst
Abstract: silicon solar cells with nanopore-type black silicon (b-si) antireflection (ar) layers and self-aligned selective emitter (se) are reported in which the b-si structure is prepared without the traditional addition of a nanoparticle (np) catalyst. the contact-assisted chemical etching (cace) method is reported here for the first time, in which the metal top contacts on silicon solar cell surfaces function as the catalysts for b-si fabrication and the whole etching process can be done in minutes at room temperature. the cace method is based on the metal-assisted chemical etching (mace) solution but without or metal precursor in the si etchant (hf:h2o2:h2o), and the au top contacts, or catalysts, are not removed from the solar cell surface after the etching. the effects of etching time, hf and h2o2 concentration, and the hf:h2o2 ratio on the b-si morphology, surface reflectivity, and solar cell efficiency have been investigated. higher [hf] and [h2o2] with longer etching time cause collapse of the b-si nanoporous structure and penetration of the p-n junctions, which are detrimental to the solar cell efficiency. the b-si solar cell fabricated with the hf:h2o2:h2o volume ratio of 3:3:20 and a 3 min etch time shows the highest efficiency 8.99% along with a decrease of reflectivity from 36.1% to 12.6% compared to that of the nonetched si solar cell.

Paper 98
Title: the use of electro-deoxidation in molten salts to reduce the energy consumption of solar grade silicon and increase the output of pv solar cells
Abstract: solar photovoltaics, based upon silicon, are the most popular form of solar cell with efficiencies around 20%. these efficiencies can be further increased by employing light trapping schemes to minimise optical losses through scattering and reflection which enhances the amount of light absorbed and number of photo-carriers generated. typical approaches employ antireflection coatings (arcs) or texturise the surface of the silicon disks, so that the structure consists of an array of needles which can absorb most of the light. usually, these structures are created by leaching the silicon with hydrofluoric-based acids or by reactive ion etching (rie) methods. this paper reviews some of the methods for improving the energy efficiency of silicon production, and describes the use of electro-deoxidation of sio2 layers, on silicon, in molten calcium chloride to form nano porous black silicon (b-si) structures. by coating b-si surface with tio2, a common arc, extremely black surfaces with negligible reflectance of about 0.1%, are produced, which can have applications for low-cost high efficiency solar cells. crown copyright (c) 2015 production and hosting by elsevier b.v. on behalf of chinese materials research society.

Paper 99
Title: fabrication of silicon nanowire arrays based solar cell with improved performance
Abstract: we report fabrication of solar cell (n(+)-p-p(+) structure) on black silicon substrates consisting of silicon nanowire (sinw) arrays prepared by ag induced wet chemical etching process in aqueous hf-agno3 solution. sinw arrays surface has low reflectivity (< 5%) in the entire spectral range (400-1100 nm) of interest for solar cells. the solar cells were fabricated by conventional cell fabrication protocol. performance of three types of cells, namely cell with sinw over the entire front surface, cell with sinw only in the active device area and control cell (on planar surface), has been compared. it was found that cell based on selectively grown shorter length sinw arrays has the best cell performance. (c) 2010 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 100
Title: the influence of black silicon morphology modification by acid etching to the properties of diamond wire sawn multicrystalline silicon solar cells
Abstract: black silicon with nanosized textures is very important to the diamond wire sawn (dws) multicrystalline silicon (mc-si) solar cell due to its low reflectivity. normally the nanosized textures can be obtained by metal-assisted chemical etching (mace) on the dws mc-si wafers. here, we found that in order to improve the conversion efficiency of dws mc-si solar cell with nanosized textures, the textures' morphologies must be modified by acid etching. the acid etching is the defect removal etching process. our experimental results showed that the acid etching process influences not only the size and the reflectivity of the nanosized textures, but also the recombination velocities of the silicon wafers. a dws mc-si solar cell with modified nanosized textures was successfully obtained by mace and suitable acid etching process, whose reflectivity is lower than that of a dws mc-si solar cell prepared by conventional acidic texturizing. the highest conversion efficiency of 19.07% was reached and a 0.6% conversion efficiency gain was obtained for a dws mc-si solar cell (15.6 cm x 15.6 cm), as opposed to the dws mc-si solar cell prepared by conventional acidic texturizing.

Paper 101
Title: characterization of pii textured industrial multicrystalline silicon solar cells
Abstract: optimized textured structure is one of the most important elements for high efficiency multicrystalline silicon solar cells. in this paper, in order to incorporate low reflectance nanostructures into conventional industrial solar cells, structures with aspect ratios of about 1:1 and average reflectance of 8.0% have been generated using plasma immersion ion implantation. a sheet resistance of 56.9 omega/sq has been obtained by adjusting the phosphorous diffusion conditions, while the thickness of the silicon nitride vary in 70-80 nm by extending the deposition time by 100 s. under the conventional co-firing conditions, a solar cell with efficiency of 16.3% and short-circuit current density 34.23 ma/cm(2) has been fabricated. (c) 2012 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.

Paper 102
Title: influence of bowl-like nanostructures on the efficiency and module power of black silicon solar cells
Abstract: in this work, black multi-crystal silicon (mc-si) solar cells with bowl-like nanotextured surfaces were successfully fabricated by a metal-assisted chemical etching (mace) method. defect removal etching processes of various durations were used to form bowl-like nanostructures of three sizes on the wafer surface. overall, a low depth and large diameter of bowl-like structure in nanotextured surfaces is demonstrated to be helpful in reducing surface recombination and improving the cell and module performance. the average cell module power of the bowl-like nanotextured surfaces with an average bowl diameter 680 nm is clearly higher by 1.51 w, 1.46 w, and 1.26 w than for nanotextured surfaces with bowl diameter 460 nm in the 18.8%, 18.9%, and 19.0% efficiency bins. a maximum cell efficiency of 19.17% and module power of 279.74 w were obtained using our mace process in an industrial mass production line. the techniques presented in this paper can be used for the mass production of diamond wire sawing mc-si solar cells and meet the requirements of high efficiency and low cost in the photovoltaic industry.

Paper 103
Title: black-silicon-assisted photovoltaic cells for better conversion efficiencies: a review on recent research and development efforts
Abstract: in this article, the fabrication methods of black silicon (b-si), application and performance of b-si in photovoltaics, and the theoretical modelling efforts in b-si-based photovoltaic cells are reviewed. to date, the most popular fabrication methods are reactive ion etching and metal-assisted chemical etching, due to their flexibility and low cost. other methods include laser irradiation, stain etching, electrochemical etching, and fray-farthing-chen cambridge process. black silicon's largest application is in photovoltaics due to its absorption properties. currently, the highest efficiency of b-si-based solar cell reported in the literature is 22.1% with an interdigitated back contact configuration. currently, the issue of high recombination rates due to the nanostructures is being actively researched on but has yet been fully resolved. there are only a few theoretical models of b-si photovoltaics, with most focus on the optical properties. the optical performance is usually assessed based on maxwell's equations, while the electrical properties are simulated based on semiconductor equations, including poisson's, continuity and drift-diffusion current equations. most studies neglect the effect of temperature. modelling of the thermal properties of silicon nanostructures is performed with the monte carlo method to solve the phonon radiative transport equation for the temperature distribution. (c) 2020 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.

Paper 104
Title: black silicon laser-doped selective emitter solar cell with 18.1% efficiency
Abstract: we report fabrication of nanostructured, laser-doped selective emitter (ldse) silicon solar cells with power conversion efficiency of 18.1% and a fill factor (ff) of 80.1%. the nanostructured solar cells were realized through a single step, mask-less, scalable reactive ion etch (rie) texturing of the surface. the selective emitter was formed by means of laser doping using a continuous wave (cw) laser and subsequent contact formation using light-induced plating of ni and cu. the combination of rie-texturing and a ldse cell design has to our knowledge not been demonstrated previously. the resulting efficiency indicates a promising potential, especially considering that the cell reported in this work is the first proof-of-concept and that the fabricated cell is not fully optimized in terms of plating, emitter sheet resistance and surface passivation. due to the scalable nature and simplicity of rie-texturing as well as the ldse process, we consider this specific combination a promising candidate for a cost-efficient process for future si solar cells. (c) 2015 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 105
Title: effect of substrate temperature on the plasma texturing process of c-si wafers for black silicon solar cells
Abstract: we report on a study of the effect of the substrate temperature on the formation of black silicon on c-siwafers and consequently on the reduction of the wafer surface diffuse reflectance. we observed that lower substrate temperatures enhance the texturing processes producing completely black silicon surfaces. the optimized substrate temperature (2.5 degrees c) used during the plasma process has resulted in the formation of well-defined pyramid-like structures as is done by wet processes. moreover, the textured c-si wafers have very low diffuse reflectance values, as low as 3%, which are much lower than those values obtained using wet texturing processes based on koh and naoh solutions (which are in the range of 12-14%). (c) 2016 wiley-vch verlag gmbh & co. kgaa, weinheim

Paper 106
Title: formation of nanostructured emitter for silicon solar cells using catalytic silver nanoparticles
Abstract: a simple process for nanotexturing on the emitter of silicon solar cells using catalyzed wet chemical etching by size-controlled silver nanoparticles was reported. a fine textured black surface was achieved to realize the low light reflectivity less than 5%. after screen printing and firing by the industrial standard fabrication protocol, we obtained the nanotextured si solar cells with 15.7%-efficiency without any additional antireflection (ar) coating. this result suggests that the inexpensive metal-assisted wet chemical nanotexture method is prospective to be used in photovoltaic industry. (c) 2012 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 107
Title: optoelectronic properties of black-silicon generated through inductively coupled plasma (icp) processing for crystalline silicon solar cells
Abstract: the optoelectronic properties of maskless inductively coupled plasma (icp) generated black silicon through sf6 and o-2 are analyzed by using reflection measurements, scanning electron microscopy (sem) and quasi steady state photoconductivity (qsspc). the results are discussed and compared to capacitively coupled plasma (ccp) and industrial standard wet chemical textures. the icp process forms parabolic like surface structures in a scale of 500 nm. this surface structure reduces the average hemispherical reflection between 300 and 1120 nm up to 8%. additionally, the icp texture shows a weak increase of the hemispherical reflection under tilted angles of incidence up to 60. furthermore, we report that the icp process is independent of the crystal orientation and the surface roughness. this allows the texturing of monocrystalline, multicrystalline and kerf-less wafers using the same parameter set. the icp generation of black silicon does not apply a self-bias on the silicon sample. therefore, the silicon sample is exposed to a reduced ion bombardment, which reduces the plasma induced surface damage. this leads to an enhancement of the effective charge carrier lifetime up to 2.5 ms at 10(15) cm(-3) minority carrier density (mcd) after an atomic layer deposition (ald) with al2o3. since excellent etch results were obtained already after 4 min process time, we conclude that the icp generation of black silicon is a promising technique to substitute the industrial state of the art wet chemical textures in the solar cell mass production. (c) 2015 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 108
Title: black silicon solar thin-film microcells integrating top nanocone structures for broadband and omnidirectional light-trapping
Abstract: recently developed classes of monocrystalline silicon solar microcells (mu-cell) can be assembled into modules with characteristics (i.e., mechanically flexible forms, compact concentrator designs, and high-voltage outputs) that would be impossible to achieve using conventional, wafer-based approaches. in this paper, we describe a highly dense, uniform and non-periodic nanocone forest structure of black silicon (bsi) created on optically-thin (30 mu m) mu-cells for broadband and omnidirectional light-trapping with a lithography-free and high-throughput plasma texturizing process. with optimized plasma etching conditions and a silicon nitride passivation layer, black silicon mu-cells, when embedded in a polymer waveguiding layer, display dramatic increases of as much as 65.7% in short circuit current, as compared to a bare silicon device. the conversion efficiency increases from 8.1% to 11.5% with a small drop in open circuit voltage and fill factor.

Paper 109
Title: towards the efficiency limits of multicrystalline silicon solar cells
Abstract: in this contribution, we present our recent results for high efficiency multicrystalline silicon solar cells. based on n-type high-performance multicrystalline silicon substrates in combination with the topcon solar cell concept featuring a full area passivating back contact and a boron-diffused emitter as well as a plasma-etched black silicon texture at the front side, a certified conversion efficiency of 22.3% has been achieved, which is currently the world record efficiency for multicrystalline silicon solar cells. a detailed loss analysis of the record solar cell batch discloses the nature of the remaining loss mechanisms, revealing the route for further improvements. we observe an efficiency gap between the multicrystalline and the fz reference solar cells of similar to 1%(abs). compared to the fz reference cells, the me-si cells also feature a significantly larger scattering in v-oc and j(sc) well as a fill factor loss of similar to 1.5%(abs). we show that the scattering in j(sc) correlates with the area fraction of recombination active structural crystal defects and the scattering in v-oc additionally with lateral emitter-induced in-homogeneities. the fill factor loss is attributed to the general presence of strongly recombination-active grain boundaries. a detailed loss analysis of the record me-si solar cell shows that the major electrical losses are due to recombination at grain boundaries (0.7%(abs)) and recombination in the emitter (0.6%(abs)). by reducing these electrical loss channels, e.g. by an improved crystallization process together with a hydrogenation of the bulk and application of an adapted emitter, we expect to reach efficiencies for me-si solar cells in the range of 23%.

Paper 110
Title: high-efficiency multi-crystalline black silicon solar cells achieved by additive assisted ag-mace
Abstract: it is important for uniform texture on crystallites with different orientation of diamond wire sawn multi-crystalline silicon solar cells by ag metal-assisted chemical etching method (ag-mace). in this paper, an additive was adopted to make the nanostructures on crystallites with different orientation of multi-crystalline silicon wafers with roughly the same depth and diameter. this additive contains biological enzymes, which are macromolecular proteins with specific catalytic functions. the uniform texture produced by the additive is demonstrated to be helpful in improving the cell performance in terms of surface morphology, reflectivity, effective minority carrier lifetime, auger recombination rate, internal quantum efficiency and external quantum efficiency measurements as well as electroluminescence spectra characterizations. the chemical mechanism of additive assisted etching reaction during the texturing process was discussed. finally, mass-produced multi-crystalline silicon solar cells made by ag-mace with the additive achieve a maximum efficiency and average efficiency of 19.56%, and 19.24%, respectively, which were 0.65% and 0.64% absolutely higher than that without the additive. moreover, the effective minority carrier lifetime and auger recombination rate of the former was nearly twice and a third of that of the latter respectively.

Paper 111
Title: improvement of saw damage removal to fabricate uniform black silicon nanostructure on large-area multi-crystalline silicon wafers
Abstract: the first step of preparing black silicon solar cells by ag metal-assisted chemical etching method (ag-mace) is to remove the saw damage layer on the surface of diamond wire saw multi-crystalline silicon wafers. the usual way to do this is with a hot solution of koh. however, the surface of silicon wafers processed in large quantities in this way will have many white spots and stains. these white spots and stains are the saw damage layer that have not been removed cleanly. they affect not only the appearance of the solar cells, but, most importantly, the subsequent uniform deposition of silver nanoparticles on the silicon wafers. an additive containing cyclodextrin and lignosulfonate has been developed in this work. this can remove effectively the saw damage layer and eliminate the white spots and stains on the surface of the silicon wafer. so as to improve the appearance of silicon wafer and make silver nanoparticles uniformly deposited on the surface of the whole silicon wafer. this additive has been proved to be very useful in improving solar cell efficiency, raising parallel resistance and reducing reverse leakage current and so on. eventually, mass-produced solar cells made by ag-mace with this additive have a maximum efficiency of 19.49%, which is 0.46 percent absolutely higher than that without the additive.

Paper 112
Title: x-ray photoelectron spectroscopic studies of black silicon for solar cell
Abstract: the black silicon has been produced by plasma immersion ion implantation (pill) process. the microstructure and optical reflectance are characterized by field emission scanning electron microscope and spectrophotometer. results show that the black silicon appears porous or needle-like microstructure with the average reflectance of 4.87% and 2.12%. respectively. the surface state is investigated by x-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (xps) technique. the surface of the black silicon is composed of silicon, carbon, oxygen and fluorine element. the formation of sixovf, in the surface of black silicon can be proved clearly by the o 1s, f is and si 2p xps spectra. the formation mechanism of the black silicon produced by piii process can be obtained from xps results. the porous or needle-like structure of the black silicon will be formed under the competition of sfx+ (x <= 5) and f+ ions etching effect. sixoyfz passivation and ion bombardment. (c) 2011 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 113
Title: suppression of surface and auger recombination by formation and control of radial junction in silicon microwire solar cells
Abstract: black silicon (b-si) with nanotextures is a promising light-trapping scheme for potentially achieving high conversion efficiency at reduced manufacturing cost in crystalline- silicon solar cells. however, the inherently high aspect-ratio and tiny feature size of the nanostructures are subject to severe surface (large surface areas) and auger recombination (worse doping profile). these will abate the cost values of b-si since one has to adopt a comprise strategy of applying shallow nanotextures with antireflection and passivation layers. here, we show that silicon microwire solar cells featuring well-defined radial junctions can extensively suppress both surface and auger recombination by providing excellent all-around electrical field. the radially doped silicon micro-pillar devices even show an internal quantum efficiency as good as that of planar substrate and their measured minority carrier lifetimes become nearly independent of total surface area. a great reduction in short-circuit current density loss was further identified as the junction abruptly changed from a fully diffused to a core-shell configuration, manifesting the powerful effectiveness of radial p-n(+) junction on the suppression of auger recombination. furthermore, silicon microwire solar cell with a radial junction demonstrates 37% increase in efficiency compared with the reference cell, suggesting a feasible strategy towards high-efficiency solar devices.

Paper 114
Title: solution processed black phosphorus quantum dots for high performance silicon/organic hybrid solar cells
Abstract: in this letter, solution-processed black phosphorus quantum dots (bpqds) were applied to enhance hole extraction of si/poly-(3, 4-ethylenedioxythiophene): poly (styrenesulfonic acid) (pedot:pss) heterojunction based hybrid solar cells. a remarkable improvement of power conversion efficiency (pce) from 10.03% to 13.60% was achieved by the pedot: pss/bpqds-incorporated devices. detailed investigations discover the influence of bpqds on the hole extraction effect and work mechanism of bpqds. our work presents an avenue in using solution processed bpqds for high performance hybrid solar cells. (c) 2018 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 115
Title: multi-scale surface texture to improve blue response of nanoporous black silicon solar cells
Abstract: we characterize the optical and carrier-collection physics of multi-scale textured p-type black si solar cells with conversion efficiency of 17.1%. the multi-scale texture is achieved by combining density-graded nanoporous layer made by metal-assisted etching with micron-scale pyramid texture. we found that (1) reducing the thickness of nanostructured si layer improves the short-wavelength spectral response and (2) multi-scale texture permits thinning of the nanostructured layer while maintaining low surface reflection. we have reduced the nanostructured layer thickness by 60% while retaining a solar-spectrum-averaged black si reflectance of less than 2%. spectral response at 450 nm has improved from 57% to 71%. (c) 2011 american institute of physics. [doi: 10.1063/1.3636105]

Paper 116
Title: plasmonic enhancement of thin-film solar cells using gold-black coatings
Abstract: coatings of conducting gold-black nano-structures on commercial thin-film amorphous-silicon solar cells enhance the short-circuit current by 20% over a broad spectrum from 400 to 800 nm wavelength. the efficiency, i.e. the ratio of the maximum electrical output power to the incident solar power, is found to increase 7% for initial un-optimized coatings. metal blacks are produced cheaply and quickly in a low-vacuum process requiring no lithographic patterning. the inherently broad particle-size distribution is responsible for the broad spectrum enhancement in comparison to what has been reported for mono-disperse lithographically deposited or self-assembled metal nano-particles. photoemission electron microscopy reveals the spatial-spectral distribution of hot-spots for plasmon resonances, where scattering of normally-incident solar flux into the plane increases the effective optical path in the thin film to enhance light harvesting. efficiency enhancement is correlated with percent coverage and particle size distribution, which are determined from histogram and wavelet analysis of scanning electron microscopy images. electrodynamic simulations reveal how the gold-black particles scatter the radiation and locally enhance the field strength.

Paper 117
Title: large-scale black multi-crystalline silicon solar cell with conversion efficiency over 18 %
Abstract: in this paper, large area multi-crystalline silicon (mc-si) solar cells of 156 mm x 156 mm were fabricated by the combination of ag-assisted etching and sodium hydroxide (naoh) treatment. scanning electron microscope, uv-vis-nir spectrophotometer, external quantum efficiency measurement system, and current-voltage test were used to characterize the etched black silicon wafers and the fabricated solar cells. it was found that, though the black mc-si without naoh treatment showed a lowest reflectance of 2.03 % in the wavelength of 400-900 nm, the maximum conversion efficiency came from the mc-si solar cells produced by combination of ag-assisted etching and naoh treatment. though the solar cell with additional naoh treatment for 30 s presented a reflectance of 5.45 %, it presented the highest conversion efficiency of 18.03 %, which is 0.64 % higher than the traditional mc-si solar cell (17.39 %) and much higher than that of the black mc-si solar cell without naoh treatment (16.24 %).

Paper 118
Title: texturing optimization for bifacial n-pert: are pyramids and/or black silicon the way to go for thinner devices?
Abstract: thickness reduction of crystalline silicon (c-si) solar cell is one of the most efficient ways to reduce the cost of manufacturing process as well as energy pack-back time (epbt) and thus ecological footprint. however, thin solar cell goes with a lack of infra-red absorption of the solar spectra. to circumvent this effect, advanced light-trapping schemes involving nanostructured surfaces or black silicon (b-si) and/or pyramid textured surfaces are good candidates for light-trapping enhancement in thin bifacial n-pert solar cell (80-180 mu m). in order to identify an optical optimum for thickness reduction, several combinations of different morphologies (flat, pyramid, b-si and saw damage removal-sdr) were modelled in front and/or rear side. unfortunately, sizes of nanostructures are in the same range as wavelength of absorbed light, therefore geometrical optics is no more available which makes nanostructure not easy to model with conventional electro-optical simulation software. in this study, we integrate absorptance and reflectance measurements of b-si into c-si solar cell modelling process and thus demonstrate a +1%abs efficiency with one side nanotexturing and without antireflection coating layer compared to standard bifacial n-pert solar cells. moreover, mixing rear pyramid and front nanotexturing does not enhance significantly j(sc) to be considered from a process integration perspective in simulated thickness range (80-180 mu m). nevertheless, such a combination reaches higher light trapping and thus a better resilience to thickness reduction. (c) 2017 the authors. published by elsevier ltd.

Paper 119
Title: 18.87%-efficient inverted pyramid structured silicon solar cell by one-step cu-assisted texturization technique
Abstract: we achieved an inverted pyramid structure, meeting the tradeoff between the light reflection minimization and carrier recombination by adjusting the one-step cu-assisted texturization of silicon wafer, and silicon solar cells based on this structure were fabricated, which gained a high conversion efficiency of 18.87% without using any complex techniques. these data were compared with the performance of conventional upright pyramid silicon solar cells as manufactured using identical raw wafers, the cu-etched inverted pyramid silicon cells collected 0.59 ma/cm(2) more short-circuit current density and 0.47% more efficiency. importantly, our data demonstrate the better performance and manufacturability of inverted pyramid structured silicon solar cell and as such may open new perspectives for high efficiency solar cell applications.

Paper 120
Title: metal-free black silicon for solar-powered hydrogen generation
Abstract: nanostructured black si materials prepared by metal-assisted wet chemical etching (mace) using hf to drive the nanostructuring, have emerged as excellent light-harvesting materials for solar water splitting. recently, their remarkable solar-to-hydrogen conversion capability was attributed to their surface oxidation mechanism. however, the same mechanism inhibits the interfacial kinetics within hours, and therefore they are deemed not suitable for a fully-functional hydrogen generating cell. herein, we investigate the performance and interfacial kinetics of solar-to-hydrogen fuel conversion on black si photocathodes that, for the first time, are free of any metal catalysts. we developed a near 100% metal-free si interface by a hf-free etching approach. systematic analysis and optimization of the nanostructure morphology and photoelectrochemical procedures supported continuous photoelectrochemical hydrogen generation for similar to 250 h, involving -1.18 x 10(4) c.cm (2) of charge transfer at overpotentials as low as -0.2 v vs. rhe. we find that this high-performance of bsi makes it attractive as a green solar-to-hydrogen platform. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.

Paper 121
Title: impact of micro-texturization on hybrid micro/nano-textured surface for enhanced broadband light absorption in crystalline silicon for application in photovoltaics
Abstract: this paper reports investigation on hybrid micro/nanotextures for enhanced broadband absorption in crystalline silicon(c-si) for application in photovoltaics. microscale pyramids are fabricated using sodium hydroxide (naoh) solution, etched at different durations. nanowires on pyramids are formed using metal-assisted chemical etching (mace). with 30 min of naoh etching, pyramids with 3-5 mu m heights (3-7 mu m widths) are formed. the pyramids reduce broadband reflection of the c-si through enhanced scattering. after mace, nanowires with 450-600 nm heights (30-40 nm widths) are obtained. with the nanowires, weighted average reflection (war) for all samples reduces significantly, owing to enhanced light coupling by the nanowires and increased light scattering by the pyramids. the sample with 30 min naoh etching and mace demonstrates war of 7.5%, which is the lowest broadband reflection achieved in this work. this corresponds to potential jsc(max) of 38.7 ma/cm2, or 13.5% enhancement compared to the jsc(max) of the pyramids alone.

Paper 122
Title: enhanced efficiency of graphene-silicon schottky junction solar cell through inverted pyramid arrays texturation
Abstract: nanostructures of silicon are gradually becoming hot candidate due to outstanding capability for trapping light and improving conversion efficiency of solar cell. in this paper, silicon nanowires (sinws) and silicon inverted pyramid arrays (siips) were introduced on surface of gr-si solar cell through silver and copper-catalyzed chemical etching, respectively. the effects of sinws and siips on carrier lifetime, optical properties and efficiency of gr-sinws and gr-siips solar cells were systematically analyzed. the results show that the inverted pyramid arrays have more excellent ability for balancing antireflectance loss and surface area enlargement. the power conversion efficiency (pce) and carrier lifetime of gr-siips devices respectively increase by 62% and 34% by comparing with that of gr-sinws solar cells. finally, the gr-siips cell with pce of 5.63% was successfully achieved through nitric acid doping. this work proposes a new strategy to introduce the inverted pyramid arrays for improving the performance of gr-si solar cells. (c) 2018 published by elsevier ltd on behalf of the editorial office of journal of materials science & technology.

Paper 123
Title: artificial leaf for water splitting based on a triple-junction thin-film silicon solar cell and a pedot:pss/catalyst blend
Abstract: an integrated water-splitting device based on a triple-junction silicon-based solar cell (a-si: h/a-si: h/mu c-si: h; a-si=amorphous silicon, mu c-si=microcrystalline) in superstrate configuration modified with catalysts at the back and front contacts is described. in this configuration, the solar cell is illuminated by the glass substrate, while the back and front contacts are arrayed laterally at the opposite side of the cell. therefore, neither shadowing nor light scattering by evolved gas bubbles can detrimentally affect the solar-to-hydrogen efficiency of this artificial leaf. by modifying the contact layers of the cell, its chemical stability in acid electrolyte is significantly improved. to test the system, ruo2 and pt black catalysts are fixed on the contacts as a blend by using a conductive polymer [poly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene): polystyrene sulfonate (pedot:pss)]. a solar-to-hydrogen efficiency of 3.4% is obtained under am1.5g illumination and 1000wm(-2) in 0.5m h2so4 without applying any external bias. the device shows only 6% loss of efficiency within 17 h of operation.

Paper 124
Title: one step lithography-less silicon nanomanufacturing for low cost, high-efficiency solar cell production
Abstract: to improve light absorption, previously various antireflection material layers were created on solar wafer surface including multilayer dielectric film, nanoparticle sludges, microtextures, noble metal plasmonic nanoparticles and 3d silicon nanostructure arrays. all of these approaches involve nanoscale prepatterning, surface-area-sensitive assembly processes or extreme fabrication conditions; therefore, they are often limited by the associated high cost and low yield as well as the consequent industry incompatibility. in comparison, our nanomanufacturing, an unique synchronized and simultaneous top-down and bottom-up nanofabrication approach called simultaneous plasma enhanced reactive ion synthesis and etching (sperise), offers a better antireflection solution along with the potential to increase p-n junction surface area. high density and high aspect ratio anechoic nanocone arrays are repeatedly and reliably created on the entire surface of single and poly crystalline silicon wafers as well as amorphous silicon thin films within 5 minutes under room temperature. the nanocone surface had lower than 5% reflection over the entire solar spectrum and a desirable omnidirectional absorption property. using the nanotextured solar wafer, a 156mm x 156mm 18.1%-efficient black silicon solar cell was fabricated, which was an 18.3% enhancement over the cell fabricated by standard industrial processes. this process also reduces silicon loss during the texturing step and enables tighter process control by creating more uniform surface structures. considering all the above advantages, the demonstrated nanomanufacturing process can be readily translated into current industrial silicon solar cell fabrication lines to replace the costly and ineffective wet chemical texturing and antireflective coatings.

Paper 125
Title: design of experiment approach to the optimization of diffusion process on nanoscopic silicon solar cell
Abstract: the temperature and duration of diffusion process were optimized for fabricating nanoscopic silicon based solar cells using design of experiments (doe) technique. the optimum nano-structure silicon substrate had been etched for 180s and had porosity of 25%, depth of 0.34 mu m and diameter of 99.8 nm. modeling and experimental design were implemented by d-optimal design of experiment with 12 random experiments. the temperature and time parameters were varied at ranges of 810-910 degrees c and 15-60 min, respectively. the result indicated that the diffused substrate at temperature of 840 degrees c and time of 60 min had the highest voltage and current-density which were 0.607 v and 24.32 ma/cm(2), respectively. the reflectance of fabricated optimum solar cell was gaged. the result presented that the reflectance of black silicon solar cell had been 600 times less than the non-porous solar cells using sinx coated polished surface as antireflection layer. in addition, considerable gains of 13.64% on average efficiency, 0.53 on fill factor, 0.611 v on open circuit voltage and 43.43 ma/cm(2) on current-density were achieved for optimum black silicon solar cell. (c) 2019 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 126
Title: black silicon solar cells with interdigitated back-contacts achieve 22.1% efficiency
Abstract: the nanostructuring of silicon surfaces-known as black silicon-is a promising approach to eliminate front-surface reflection in photovoltaic devices without the need for a conventional antireflection coating. this might lead to both an increase in efficiency and a reduction in the manufacturing costs of solar cells. however, all previous attempts to integrate black silicon into solar cells have resulted in cell efficiencies well below 20% due to the increased charge carrier recombination at the nanostructured surface. here, we show that a conformal alumina film can solve the issue of surface recombination in black silicon solar cells by providing excellent chemical and electrical passivation. we demonstrate that efficiencies above 22% can be reached, even in thick interdigitated back-contacted cells, where carrier transport is very sensitive to front surface passivation. this means that the surface recombination issue has truly been solved and black silicon solar cells have real potential for industrial production. furthermore, we show that the use of black silicon can result in a 3% increase in daily energy production when compared with a reference cell with the same efficiency, due to its better angular acceptance.

Paper 127
Title: combining micro- and nano-texture to fabricate an antireflective layer
Abstract: we combined photonic crystal (pc) and nanoporous structures in silicon (si) to decrease the reflectance of the si surface. due to gradual increase of effective refractive index in this structure, reflection is reduced drastically over a broad spectral range. a two-dimensional si pc was fabricated by interference lithography, then a nanoporous structure was made on the pc by using metal-assisted chemical etching. the obtained reflectance is about 3% across a spectral range of 400 to 2000 nm. this indicates an improvement of reflectance up to 90% compared to bare si. (c) 2012 society of photo-optical instrumentation engineers (spie). [doi: 10.1117/1.jmm.11.1.013011]

Paper 128
Title: realization of improved efficiency on nanostructured multicrystalline silicon solar cells for mass production
Abstract: we report the realization of both excellent optical and electrical properties of nanostructured multicrystalline silicon solar cells by a simple and industrially compatible technique of surface morphology modification. the nanostructures are prepared by ag-catalyzed chemical etching and subsequent naoh treatment with controllable geometrical parameters and surface area enhancement ratio. we have examined in detail the influence of different surface area enhancement ratios on reflectance, carrier recombination characteristics and cell performance. by conducting a quantitative analysis of these factors, we have successfully demonstrated a higher-than-traditional output performance of nanostructured multicrystalline silicon solar cells with a low average reflectance of 4.93%, a low effective surface recombination velocity of 6.59 m s(-1), and a certified conversion efficiency of 17.75% on large size (156 x 156 mm(2)) silicon cells, which is similar to 0.3% higher than the acid textured counterparts. the present work opens a potential prospect for the mass production of nanostructured solar cells with improved efficiencies.

Paper 129
Title: efficiency enhancement of single-walled carbon nanotube-silicon heterojunction solar cells using microwave-exfoliated few-layer black phosphorus
Abstract: carbon nanotube-silicon (cnt-si)-based heterojunction solar cells (hjscs) are a promising photovoltaic (pv) system. herein, few-layer black phosphorus (fl-bp) sheets are produced in n-methyl-2-pyrrolidone (nmp) using microwave-assisted liquid-phase exfoliation and introduced into the cnts-si-based hjscs for the first time. the nmp-based fl-bp sheets remain stable after mixing with aqueous cnt dispersion for device fabrication. due to their unique 2d structure and p-type dominated conduction, the fl-bp/nmp incorporated cnt-si devices show an impressive improvement in the power conversion efficiency from 7.52% (control cnt-si cell) to 9.37%. our density-functional theory calculation reveals that lowest unoccupied molecular orbital (lumo) of fl-bp is higher in energy than that of single-walled cnt. therefore, we observed a reduction in the orbitals localized on fl-bp upon highest occupied molecular orbital to lumo transition, which corresponds to an improved charge transport. this study opens a new avenue in utilizing 2d phosphorene nanosheets for next-generation pvs.

Paper 130
Title: electropolymerization and spectroelectrochemical properties of poly(4,7-dithien-2-yl-2,1,3-benzothiadiazole) films in three 1-butyl-3-methylimidazolium ionic liquids
Abstract: spectroelectrochemical properties of electrodeposited poly(4,7-dithien-2-yl-2,1,3-benzothiadiazole) (pdtbt) films in 1-butyl-3-methylimidazolium tetrafluoroborate (il1), hexaflurophosphate (il2), and bis(trifluromethylsulfonyl)imide (il3) are reported. the net charges of polymerization, cyclic voltammograms, uv/vis spectra, and scanning electron micrographs indicated the respective films pdtbt1, pdtb2 and pdtbt3 were nano-textured and the yield increased in the order pdtbt2 < pdtb1 < pdtbt3. the formal potentials of the p-doping and n-doping redox couples, and the band gaps estimated from doping onset-potentials (e-pd(0)'; en(d)(0)'; eg-ec) were: pdtbt1/il1 (1.03 v; -1.23 v; 1.67 ev), pdtbt2/il2 (0.95 v; -1.49 v; 1.49 ev), and pdtbt3/il3 (1.00 v; -1.38 v; 1.83 ev). the corresponding uv/vis absorption maxima and the band gaps estimated from absorption onset wavelengths (lambda(max); eg-opt) were (540 nm; 1.58 ev), (579 nm; 1.42 ev), and (578 nm; 139 ev). thus, more conjugated pdtbt molecules were formed in the hydrophobic 112 and 3 than in the hydrophilic in in a double potential-pulse (-0.6 v/-1.0 v) redox cycling monitored at 1000 nm, the optical contrast and coloration efficiency (delta(%t); cer -> ox) were pdtbt1 (11%; 158 c cm(-2)), pdtbt (17%; 91 c cm(-2)) and ptbt3 (34%; 187 c cm(-2)) with similar color/bleach (1-1.3 s) or reverse (3-4 s) switching times. il3, the least viscous and most conductive of the three ils, enabled the most efficient pdtbt electrodeposition and a pdtbt/il system with superior electrochromic properties. (c) 2015 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 131
Title: improving the blue response and efficiency of multicrystalline silicon solar cells by surface nanotexturing
Abstract: reducing surface reflectance by surface roughening is critical to improve the efficiency of all kinds of solar cells. in this letter, nanotexturing based on reactive ion etching (rie) was adopted to increase the blue response and conversion efficiency of multicrystalline silicon (mc-si) solar cells. after antireflection film deposition, the reflectivity at 400 nm remarkably decreases from 27.76% for acid-textured wafer to 4.46% for rie-textured wafer. the average conversion efficiency of industrial wafer-scale (15.6 cm x 15.6 cm) mc-si solar cells increased from 18.10% to 18.72%. this letter presents an effective strategy to improve the efficiency of industrial mc-si solar cells.

Paper 132
Title: black silicon on emitter diminishes the lateral electric field and enhances the blue response of a solar cell by optimizing depletion region uniformity
Abstract: a black silicon on emitter (bsoe) solar cell, with a uniform depletion region, was investigated by its internal quantum efficiency (iqe) and by scanning electron microscopy using an electron beam-induced current. we establish a three-dimensional energy band diagram of a non-uniform depletion region to illustrate the shunt effect by introducing a lateral electric field into the black silicon solar cell. the iqe spectral response at 450 nm is enhanced by similar to 31%. the conversion efficiency is improved by 0.8%(abs) compared with a black silicon solar cell. (c) 2012 acta materialia inc. published by elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.

Paper 133
Title: how cell textures impact angular cell-to-module ratios and the annual yield of crystalline solar modules
Abstract: two emerging trends in multicrystalline silicon cell texturing are plasma texturing, and metal catalyzed chemical etching. both processes roughen silicon surfaces in order to increase light absorption. these processes are attractive as they are applicable to diamond-wire sawn wafers. this work investigates the optical properties of these surfaces, and other conventionally textured surfaces like isotropic acidic and random pyramid textures, are investigated for cells in air and after encapsulation for a large range of angles of incidence. we find that the angular optical performance in air varies strongly with cell texture, but when embedded in a module structure these variations are significantly mitigated: the advantages of a high angular absorption of solar cells are not fully transferred to the module level. this is especially notable for plasma etched, black silicon cell structures which suffer comparatively from poorer index matching and light recycling inside a module structure. the losses caused explicitly by the module embedding (described in the cell to module ratio) are in the range of 1-5% for perpendicular incoming light, and increase to 6-15% at an angle of incidence of 70 degrees. based on these angular performances, we calculate the annual yield of the modules and find that it varies by less than 2% for the cell textures. nevertheless, the annual optical yield for the black silicon cell structures are the highest, whereas the metal catalyzed chemical etching cell structures show the lowest performance. further, we find that different annual distributions of the incoming light at the two investigated locations (melbourne and alice springs) only impact the relative performance of the cell textures at high module tilt angles.

Paper 134
Title: surface texturing method for silicon solar cell using reactive ion etching with metal mesh
Abstract: we have developed a new texturing method by forming a pyramidal black silicon structure using a metal mesh in the reactive ion etching (rie) system in order to overcome the disadvantages of the texturing process using wet etching and the drawbacks of the needle(grass)-like black silicon. for the formation of a pyramidal black silicon on the silicon surface, the rie system is modified to be equipped with a metal mesh on top of the head shower. the parameters for the rie process are sf6/o-2 gas flow of 15/15 sccm, rf (radio frequency) power of 200 w, pressure of 50-200 mtorr, temperature of 5 degrees c, and process time of 5-20 min. an increase in the processing time increases the width of the pyramid; however, the height remains at 0.8 +/- 0.1 mu m for 15-20 min of processing. the crystalline wafer surface of the pyramidal black silicon of approximately 1.7 +/- 0.2 mu m width and at 0.8 +/- 0.1 mu m height in size is textured using the rie system with 10.7% of reflectivity. thus, the pyramidal black silicon and the rie process using a metal mesh are superior to the conventional texturing structures and methods, respectively. (c) 2014 wiley-vch verlag gmbh & co. kgaa, weinheim

Paper 135
Title: simulation on reflection plate angles of the efficient black silicon pv modules
Abstract: in order to achieve maximum power output, common pv modules will deliberately make a certain angle, but still some light will be reflected from the surface of the common pv modules into the air and waste. this paper presents a reflective plate structure having efficient black silicon solar modules, and multi-angle light-absorbing black silicon components to construct a reflective plate structure that can take advantage of the reflected light. the angle between the reflectors and black silicon component was simulated in this paper, which shows that when the assembly angle of pv module is 34 degrees, the optimum angle of the reflective plate is 16.5 degrees, in this case, the battery's power generation is increased by about 39% under the same illumination conditions.

Paper 136
Title: imaging and quantifying carrier collection in silicon solar cells: a submicron study using electron beam induced current
Abstract: in this work electron-beam-induced current (ebic) is used to study the collection efficiency of emitters in industrial silicon solar cells. laser-doped local emitters have been deployed industrially, yet in mas production they are designed wider than the screen-printed silver fingers to allow alignment tolerances. ebic has allowed to image and quantify the laser-induced damage that occurs in these local emitter regions. a model is developed to account for such damage, so that losses in eqe could be quantified from the observed ebic collection characteristics. the damaged regions present-12% lower collection efficiency at short wavelength (300-500 nm) than the homogenous emitter. sentaurus tcad simulations reveal that eliminating such damage would improve cell efficiency by-0.12%. additional degradation is found in a region 1-2 mu m wide adjacent to the silver fingers, which has not been detected before. it is also found that pulsed laser doping leads to-15 mu m long un-doped gaps, along the direction of laser movement. as laser doping becomes a key part of industrial cell fabrication, it is crucial to develop a better understanding of the potential pitfalls, and future improvements to the process. the versatility of ebic imaging is also demonstrated using fib milling to improve lateral resolution and study the depth profile of boron emitters in newly developed industrial i-topcon cells. ebic imaging, in combination with advanced device simulations, have proven powerful tools to elucidate carrier collection characteristics and drawbacks, thus helping to understand and improve fabrication processes at industrial level.

Paper 137
Title: photovoltaic properties of black silicon microstructured by femtosecond pulsed laser
Abstract: prototype devices based on black silicon have been fabricated by microstructuring 250 mu m thick multicrystalline n doped silicon wafers using femtosecond pulsed laser in ambient gas of sf6 to measure its photovoltaic properties. the enhanced optical absorption of black silicon extends across the visible region and all the black silicons prepared in this work exhibit enhanced optical absorption close to 90% from 300 nm to 800 nm. the highest open-circuit voltage (v-oc) and short-circuit current (i-sc) under the illumination of he-ne continuous laser at 632.8 nm were measured to be 53.3 mv and 0.11 ma, respectively at a maximum power conversion efficiency of 1.44%. upon excitation with he-ne continuous laser at 632.8 nm, external quantum efficiency (eqe) of black silicon as high as 112.9% has also been observed. development of black silicon for photovoltaic purposes could open up a new perspective in achieving high efficient silicon-based solar cell by means of the enhanced optical absorption in the visible region. the current-voltage characteristic and photo responsivity of these prototype devices fabricated with microstructured silicon were also investigated. (c) 2011 elsevier gmbh. all rights reserved.

Paper 138
Title: nanotextured multicrystalline al-bsf solar cells reaching 18% conversion efficiency using industrially viable solar cell processes
Abstract: we report recent achievements in adapting industrially used solar cell processes on nanotextured surfaces. nanostructures were etched into c-si surfaces by dry exothermic plasma-less reaction of f species with si in atmospheric pressure conditions and then modified using a short post-etching process. nanotextured multicrystalline wafers are used to prepare al-bsf solar cells using industrially feasible solar cell processing steps. in comparison to the reference acidic textured solar cells, the nanostructured cells showed gain in short circuit current (j(sc)) of up to 0.8 ma/cm(2) and absolute gain in conversion efficiency of up to 0.3%. the best nanotextured solar cell was independently certified to reach the conversion efficiency of 18.0%. (c) 2015 wiley-vch verlag gmbh & co. kgaa, weinheim

Paper 139
Title: high symmetry nano-photonic quasi-crystals providing novel light management in silicon solar cells
Abstract: reduction of surface reflection loss is crucial for high efficiency next generation si solar cells. surface texturing provides a viable method to reduce loss over the full solar bandwidth. previous studies have concentrated on simple moth-eye silicon pillar arrays protruding from the surface. using fdtd simulation methods, we undertake a systematic investigation into performance benefits provided by complex semi-random photonic quasi-crystal surface patterning methodologies whereby arrays of air holes are etched deep into the solar cell surface. in contrast to other studies we carefully investigate the effect of lattice symmetry, systematically comparing performance of simple 6-fold symmetric triangular photonic crystal patterning to 12 fold symmetry photonic quasicrystal patterning and infinitely symmetric 2d fibonacci patterning. we optimize key geometric parameters such as lattice pitch, hole size and etch depth to maximize optical performance for each lattice type. 12 fold photonic quasi crystal lattice is found to provide best overall anti-reflectance performance providing a solarcorrected average reflectance of 8.3% for a hole depth of 1.5 mu m and 300 nm diameter, in comparison to 36.4% for a bare silicon solar cell surface. practical feasibility of the optimal designs is demonstrated by fabrication of physical prototypes consisting of arrays of nm scale air-holes etched into the surface of a silicon slab fabricated using e-beam lithography and icp/rie etching. fdtd simulation methodology is validated by convergence studies as well as comparison to optical measurements on these fabricated devices. furthermore, in contrast to previous studies we provide an in depth analysis of the physical mechanisms responsible for reduction in surface reflection, determining the parameter space where conventional gaussian optical processes such as effective refractive index, refraction and fresnel reflection dominate, vs parameter space where sub wavelength photonic crystal scattering effects play the main role. we finish up with an analysis of electrical performance for the optimal designs to further validate real world performance. taking electrical performance into account we determine that infinite-symmetry 2d fibonacci patterning far outperforms lower symmetry 12 fold and triangular arrangement. we believe that this is the first in depth investigation into 2d fibonacci patterning in silicon solar cells.

Paper 140
Title: nanostructured multi-crystalline silicon solar cell with isotropic etching by hf/kmno4
Abstract: metal-assisted chemical etching (mace) method is an efficient way to improve the power conversion efficiency of solar cell by developing nanostructures. normally, hydrogen peroxide is widely used as an oxidizing agent, through which anisotropic etching of nanostructures could be achieved. here, nanoscale textured multi-crystalline silicon (mc-si) solar cell with an efficiency of 18.13% was fabricated by mace method with potassium permanganate (kmno4) as an oxidizing agent. the isotropic etching by kmno4 showed the great uniformity of surface reflectance, corresponding to the isotropic oval pits. the solar cell presented an increase of 0.72ma . cm(-2) in the short-circuit current density comparing with the mc-si solar cell fabricated by the traditional process. though the efficiency still needed optimizing, isotropic etching for mc-si would lead a new tendency for mace technique. (c) 2017 wiley-vch verlag gmbh & co. kgaa, weinheim

Paper 141
Title: high efficiency multi-crystalline silicon solar cell with inverted pyramid nanostructure
Abstract: in this paper, we report inverted pyramidal nanostructure based multi-crystalline silicon (mc-si) solar cells with a high conversion efficiency of 18.62% in large size of 156 x 156 mm(2) wafers. the nanostructures were fabricated by metal assisted chemical etching process followed by a post nano structure rebuilding (nsr) solution treatment. with increasing nsr treatment time, the reflectance and the dimensions of micro oval pits were both influenced. resulting from both the light trapping ability and passivation efficiency, 500 nm inverted pyramid structure exhibited an ideal solar cell performance. the best solar cell showed a low reflectivity of 3.29% and a 0.91 ma cm(-2) increase of short-circuit current density, and its efficiency was 0.45% higher than the acid textured solar cell. this technique presented a great potential to be a standard process for producing highly efficient me-si solar cells in the future. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.

Paper 142
Title: the fabrication and photoelectric properties of the nanopillar arrays for solar cell
Abstract: a method combining csesium chloride (cscl) self-assembly and inductively coupled plasma (icp) etching has been used to fabricate nanopillars with high aspect ratio structures on sillicon wafer. the silicon surface with nanopillars of average diameter 350nm and aspect ratios 4, like black wafer, has very low reflectivity at a width of light spectrum. after diffusion of phosphorus (p) and passivation of sio2 layer on the pillars surface, the reflectivity has been reduced more to below 3% for wavelength from 400nm to 800nm, which could meet the requirement of antireflection for solar cells. what's more, the reflectivity of nanopillar surface could not obey the formula of reflection to increase with the incident angle of light like planar, and has almost unchanged small values at incident angle of 10 degrees-50 degrees. the solar cell with nanopillars has been fabricated with thermal diffusion of p, chemical deposion of cu electrode with uv lithography. its ixv output power of photoelectric property has been measured with sunlight at different time in one day corresponding to different incident angle, and measure of common solar cell is done at the same time for comparation. in order to select the inflection factor of incident angle, the data of output power have been united by dividing max value for nanopillar and common solar cells individually. the united curve of nanopillars cell shows obviously larger value than that of common cell at above incident angle of about 15 degrees, which means nanopillars cell could have the potential ability to offer more electric energy production daily than that of common solar cell.

Paper 143
Title: hierarchical robust textured structures for large scale self-cleaning black silicon solar cells
Abstract: hierarchically textured si is explored for low reflection, and self-cleaning solar cells, which was fabricated from micropyramids with nanostructures that were added by au-assisted electroless chemical etching. such a structure creates a graded effective refractive index from air to si and leads to a black appearance due to broadband reflection suppression in the 300-1200 nm range. a front average weighted reflectance of 1.4% was achieved, which is one of the lowest values reported for black si solar cells. variation in the size of the nano-scale texture was found to have greater impact on the reflectance of the hierarchal structure than the size of the micro-scale pyramid texture. the hierarchial texturing was applied to a cost effective screen-printed, aluminum back-surface field solar cell resulting in a conversion efficiency of 16.5%. in addition, the hierarchical structure features mechanical robustness and self-cleaning properties. (c) 2013 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.

Paper 144
Title: absorptivity enhancement of black silicon using electroless cu plating
Abstract: in this work, lightly-doped black silicon (bsi) is fabricated using cryogenic drie in a maskless manner and its transmittance and reflectance are measured using an integrating sphere and a spectrometer in the near infrared (nir) wavelength range of 1300 nm - 2500 nm. then, the surface is cleaned and copper (cu) is deposited on the bsi using the wet deposition technique of electroless plating, enabling high throughput coating. the copper ions are deposited on the bsi surface in a cu sulphate solution, taking advantage of the conformity of the plating to the nano/micro structures of the bsi targeting lower reflectance and higher absorptivity. the cu-plated bsi is measured and observed to have a minimum reflectance of 10% compared to 30% in the case of bsi, and a minimum transmittance of 10% compared to 40% in the bare black silicon. thus, the cu-plated bsi has a maximum absorptivity of about 80% compared to 30% in the bare bsi. the absorptivity is found to decrease with increasing the wavelength. this enhancement using the electroless cu plating further qualifies the bsi as a candidate for nir thermal light sources.

Paper 145
Title: application of siox:h/bi-sinx:h/siox:h stacked coatings embedded by silicon nanocrystals on crystalline silicon solar cells with nanowire texturing
Abstract: in this study, a siox:h/bi-sinx:h/siox:h quadruple-layer anti-reflective coatings embedded by silicon nanocrystals (si-nc arcs) was deposited on an n-type monocrystalline silicon base solar cell with nanowire texturing, by means of plasma enhancing chemical vapor deposition. the average reflection of the si-nc arcs on the polished silicon wafer was 4.97% (300-1000 nm). the minority carrier lifetime of the silicon wafer with nanowire texturing was boosted by nearly 39 times after the si-nc arcs were deposited. moreover, the si-nc arcs showed a significant luminescent down shifting effect (lds), with strong absorbing at the blue-ultraviolet region, followed by re-emitting at the red-near-infrared region, thereby modifying the sunlight spectrum before they reached the solar cell, and thus obtaining a better spectrum response. after depositing the si-nc arcs without a significant increase in the cell cost, the external quantum efficiencies, short circuit current density and photo-conversion efficiency of the solar cell with nanowire texturing were significantly improved. (c) 2017 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 146
Title: fabrication and characterizations of black hybrid silicon nanomaterials as light-trapping textures for silicon solar cells
Abstract: the effects of antireflective coatings on solar cell surfaces on photovoltaic characteristics are important issues. a comparative study of black hybrid silicon (si) nanomaterials (bhsnms) is demonstrated via the vapor-liquid-solid reaction using gold as the mediating catalyst and silane as the si source ambient. by developing proper growth conditions, the study demonstrates bhsnms with excellent antireflective characteristics. results of this study reveal that the bhsnms with a crisscrossed silicon rod microstructure and nanostructured texture provide excellent light trapping. raman spectra show that the crystal structure of bhsnms transits from single-crystalline si to mixed amorphous si with polycrystalline si with increasing sih(4) flow time. in addition, bhsnm reflections were lower than 0.4% for the 200-1100 nm wavelength range by suitably adjusting growth time. a conversion efficiency of around 1.34% with a 4.75 ma/cm(2) photocurrent v(oc) of 400 mv and fill factor of 70.37% for the bhsnm solar cells was demonstrated. experimental results indicate that the bhsnms provide excellent light trapping and can be used as a promising antireflective material for solar cell applications. (c) 2009 the electrochemical society. [doi: 10.1149/1.3095479] all rights reserved.

Paper 147
Title: analytical model for simulating thin-film/wafer-based tandem junction solar cells
Abstract: replacing the present-day commercial single junction silicon (si) solar cells with low cost, high efficiency solar cells is imperative, in order to compete with other existing energy technologies. many research groups have looked into using iii-v materials, tandem junction solar cells and thin-film technologies to reach higher efficiencies. however, many of these techniques involve expensive materials or costly manufacturing processes. in this research, we focus on a tandem junction solar cell design that is based on a thin-film perovskite top cell and wafer-based si bottom cell. in order to analyze the performance of the tandem cell, an analytical model is needed to compute the quantum efficiency and characteristic solar cell data. the highly versatile matlab-based analytical model presented in this work is capable of modeling different kinds of tandem cells based on a variety of solar absorber combinations. the model allows user to adjust input parameters, such as reflectivity, material thickness, donor and acceptor densities, and carrier lifetimes in order to optimize the quantum efficiency, maximum power output, open circuit voltage, and short circuit current quantities of the cell. using this analytical model, we were able to design a perovskite and black silicon (bsi) tandem cell, which reached an efficiency of greater than 30%.(c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.

Paper 148
Title: angle resolved characterization of nanostructured and conventionally textured silicon solar cells
Abstract: we report angle resolved characterization of nanostructured and conventionally textured silicon solar cells. the nanostructured solar cells are realized through a single step, mask-less, scalable reactive ion etching (rie) texturing of the surface. photovoltaic properties including short circuit current, open circuit voltage, fill factor (ff) and power conversion efficiency are each measured as function of the relative incident angle between the solar cell and the light source. the relative incident angle is varied from 0 degrees to 90 degrees in steps of 10 degrees in orthogonal axes, such that each solar cell is characterized at 100 different angle combinations. the angle resolved photovoltaic properties are summarized in terms of the average, angle-dependent electrical power output normalized to the power output at normal incidence and differently textured cells on different silicon substrates are compared in terms of angle resolved performance. the results show a 3% point improvement in average electrical power output normalized with respect to normal incidence power output of rie textured, multicrystalline si cells compared to conventional multicrystalline si cells and above 1% point improvement of rie textured monocrystalline si cells compared to conventional monocrystalline si cells. (c) 2015 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 149
Title: hybrid process for texturization of diamond wire sawn multicrystalline silicon solar cell
Abstract: acid texture is difficult for diamond wire sawn (dws) multicrystalline silicon (mc-si) wafer owing to the inhomogeneous distribution of damage layer on the surface. in this article, metal-assisted chemical etching (mace) has been selected for introducing a porous seeding layer to induce acid texturing etching. sem results show that the oval pit structures coverage get obvious improvement even on the smooth areas. owing to the further improved light absorption ability by second mace and nanostructure rebuilding (nsr) process, nanostructured dws mc-si solar cell has exhibited a conversion efficiency of 17.96%, which is 0.45% higher than that of dws wafer with simple acid texture process. (c) 2016 wiley-vch verlag gmbh & co. kgaa, weinheim

Paper 150
Title: development of additive-assisted ag-mace for multicrystalline black si solar cells
Abstract: the uniform distribution of silver nanoparticles on the surfaces of diamond-wire sawn multicrystalline silicon (mc-si) is critical for the texturing of mc-si by the ag metal-assisted chemical etching method (ag-mace). in this study, an additive containing alkylphenol polyoxyethylene is developed to improve the ag-mace process. it enables an even deposition of the silver nanoparticles over the surface of the silicon wafer, so that the entire wafer surface can be uniformly textured with nanostructures. the experimental results show that the additive improves the appearance and performance of solar cells, including their reflectivity, efficiency, internal quantum efficiency and external quantum efficiency. mass-produced mc-si solar cells textured using ag-mace with this additive have achieved a maximum efficiency of 19.51%, compared with an efficiency of 19.16% for cells fabricated without the additive.

Paper 151
Title: study of black silicon wafer through wet chemical etching for parametric optimization in enhancing solar cell performance by pc1d numerical simulation
Abstract: black silicon (bsi) fabrication via surface texturization of si-wafer in recent times has become an attractive concept regarding photon trapping and improved light absorption properties for photovoltaic applications. in this study, surface texturization has been conducted on mono-crystalline si(100) wafer using a wet chemical anisotropic etching process with ipa:koh solution to form micro-pyramidal surface structures. moreover, the optimized properties of the fabricated bsi wafers are used for numerical simulation using pc1d software to analyze the performance of the solar cell and establish the correlation among relevant parameters. effects such as doping concentration, texturization, passivation, and anti-reflection coating of bsi on the solar cell performance have numerically been investigated. results show that textured surface obtained from the wet chemical anisotropic etching process has successfully reduced the reflectance of the bsi wafer and surpassed the solar cell efficiency by 2%, which is mainly attributed to the optical confinement of the textured pyramids on the surface with a height of 1-2 mu m and angles of 70 degrees. furthermore, the doping concentration of the p-type wafer and n-type emitter were optimized to be 1 x 10(16) cm(-3) and 1 x 10(18) cm(-3), respectively. in the case of device optimization, the sio2 passivation layer with a refractive index of 1.48 and the si3n4 arc layer with a refractive index of 2.015 has been identified as the best combination for the solar cell performance. these optimized parameters eventually result in 23.14% conversion efficiency from numerical simulation for solar cells that use black silicon wafers as fabricated in this study.

Paper 152
Title: a continuous, single-face wet texturing process for industrial multicrystalline silicon solar cells using a surfactant treated photoresist mask
Abstract: in this paper, a high-throughput continuous, single-face texturing method was introduced into the fabrication process for industrial multicrystalline silicon solar cell production. with a patterned photoresist film as the mask for the wet etching, wafers without back protection were transported by rollers and only the masked face could contact the etching solution and be etched through the mask openings. the first etching results indicated that serious heat aggregation and poor wettability of the acid solution on the mask surface resulted in a seriously uneven and uncontrolled etching reaction. however, after applying a surfactant to the photoresist mask to improve the masks hydrophility, a stable and uniform etching reaction could be achieved. a honeycomb-like textured surface with a pitch of 18 mu m was fabricated successfully. the etched pits had a nearly smooth spherical segment surface and a surface occupancy of 70%. this regular textured surface had a low in-plane average reflectivity of approximately 20% and greatly increased the carrier lifetime. compared with multicrystalline silicon solar cells textured by conventional acid etching, the average efficiency increased from 18.31% to 18.57%. in addition, this texturing technique is expected to promote the application of diamond-wire cut multicrystalline silicon wafers in the future.

Paper 153
Title: plasma surface texturization for multicrystalline silicon solar cells
Abstract: textured front surfaces improve the efficiencies of solar cells due to reduced reflection and light trapping. most methods of wet chemical surface texturing depend on crystal orientation. we have therefore developed a sf6/o-2 reactive ion etch process for the mask-less texturing of silicon independently from grain orientation. following the black silicon method, we have optimised a surface texture with a typical lateral dimension in the order of 100 nm and with very good homogeneity. since the texturing sensitively depends on the process parameters as well as on the condition of the reactor and the wafer surface, pre-conditioning is a crucial step. the weighted refection of an optimised process is less than 3 % without any additional antireflection coating. however, the texturing enlarges the surface drastically and shallow diffusions result in high sheet resistance. multicrystalline silicon solar cells with black silicon texturing therefore outperform planar cells, but still suffer from bad short-wavelength response due to high surface recombination and internal resistance.

Paper 154
Title: control carrier recombination of multi-scale textured black silicon surface for high performance solar cells
Abstract: we report an enhanced performance of multi-scale textured black silicon solar cell with power conversion efficiency of 15.5% by using anisotropic tetramethylammonium hydroxide etching to control the recombination. the multi-scale texture can effectively reduce the surface reflectance in a wide wavelength range, and both the surface and auger recombination can be effectively suppressed by etching the samples after the n(++) emitter formed. our result shows that the reformed solar cell has higher conversion efficiency than that of conventional pyramid textured cell (15.3%). this work presents an effective method for improving the performance of nanostructured silicon solar cells. (c) 2014 aip publishing llc.

Paper 155
Title: novel technique for large area n-type black silicon solar cell by formation of silicon nanograss after diffusion process
Abstract: metal-assisted chemical etching (mace) method is the most convenient and cost-effective nanowire fabrication method compared to other nanowire fabrication processes although a major problem arises in silicon nanowire, formed by mace solution during n-type c-si solar cell fabrication steps. high-temperature boron diffusion in conventional open tube furnace breaks down the nanowire resulting in a non-uniform surface pattern which is responsible to decrease overall conversion efficiency of the finished cell. in this work, this drawback is resolved by considering silicon nanowire formation after diffusion step. a slow etchant is considered for nanostructure on diffused silicon wafer to protect the diffused junction. the generated nanowire size is very less and has forage-like structure, and so termed as nanograss. surface morphology and the characterization of the silicon nanograss structure after diffusion process on large area (156 mm x 156 mm) c-si solar cells using mace method have been investigated elaborately. further, the complete solar cell has been fabricated with an efficiency of 17.20%.

Paper 156
Title: formation of black silicon using sige self-assembled islands as a mask for selective anisotropic etching of silicon
Abstract: simple technique of formation of "black silicon" using wet chemical etching of crystalline si wafers with sige self-assembled islands is proposed. the main idea consists of the utilization of sige islands as a mask for wet anisotropic etching of si in alkali-based solution at the first etching stage and further removal of sige residuals by etching in a hf: h2o2: ch3cooh mixture at the second etching stage. initial samples were the crystalline si wafers with sige islands formed on them by deposition of 2.5-14 nm of ge at 800 degrees c. after the two above-mentioned etching steps a submicron relief on a si surface was formed. investigation of optical properties of fabricated structures revealed significant decrease of reflection (am 1.5 g weighted reflection similar to 2-3%) and increase of absorption in the wavelength range of 500-1200 nm. due to the very small amount of si removal (< 0.5 mu m), utilization of standard chemicals for si-based solar cell technology and potential suitability for usage in large-scale manufacturing the proposed technique is promising for increasing of efficiency of thin wafers crystalline si solar cell.

Paper 157
Title: efficient black silicon solar cell with a density-graded nanoporous surface: optical properties, performance limitations, and design rules
Abstract: we study optical effects and factors limiting performance of our confirmed 16.8% efficiency "black silicon" solar cells. the cells incorporate density-graded nanoporous surface layers made by a one-step nanoparticle-catalyzed etch and reflect less than 3% of the solar spectrum, with no conventional antireflection coating. the cells are limited by recombination in the nanoporous layer which decreases short-wavelength spectral response. the optimum density-graded layer depth is then a compromise between reflectance reduction and recombination loss. finally, we propose universal design rules for high-efficiency solar cells based on density-graded surfaces. (c) 2009 american institute of physics. [doi: 10.1063/1.3231438]

Paper 158
Title: surface texturing for crystalline silicon solar cell using rie equipped with metal-mesh
Abstract: surface texturing is an important process to enhance light absorption and to improve efficiency of a solar cell. reactive ion etching (rie) process is a very effective process and low-cost process, which is applicable during the dry etching processes for thin crystalline silicon solar cells with large areas. in this study, we studied a dry and free mask texturing process on crystalline silicon wafer using sf6/o-2 plasmas and metal mesh in a rie system, with special attention to the effect of the metal mesh and rie conditions on the texture of the silicon surface. in particular, we have found an optimized rie conditions by increasing the distance between the metal mesh and silicon wafer. we have also found that by increasing the rie process time, with an optimized sf6/o-2 ratio, pressure and rf power, it is possible to switch from a random texture, to a nm-size pyramid texture and finally to an um-size pyramid texture. this rie system textured a crystalline wafer surface that formed about 1 similar to 2 mu m pyramidal black silicon with 7 similar to 10% of reflectivity.

Paper 159
Title: black silicon with ultra-low surface recombination velocity fabricated by inductively coupled power plasma
Abstract: black silicon is a naturally antireflective si surface with great potential for high-efficiency solar cells. in particular, black silicon surfaces can be obtained using reactive ion etch in a maskless, single-step process regardless of crystallinity and with minimal material loss. surface damage from the etching process, however, result in surfaces with high recombination velocity, thus limiting solar cell efficiency. we have developed a method to texture si surfaces using non-cryogenic reactive ion etch with a plasma sustained exclusively by inductively coupled power, thereby minimizing surface damage. we achieved a target reflectance of 3% or lower in the wavelength range 300-1000 nm after an etch time of 2 min. surfaces coated with al2o3 deposited by atomic layer deposition showed recombination velocity as low as 6.9 cm s(-1) on p-type czochralski wafers, almost the same values as measured on planar reference surfaces (6.8 cm s(-1)). this corresponds to an implied open circuit voltage as high as 757 mv for a cell with thickness of 180 mu m and base resistivity of 4 omega cm. these results indicate that our method for texturing of si surfaces is suitable for fabrication of high-efficiency single junction si solar cells.

Paper 160
Title: few-layer p-type phosphorene sheet: an efficient transparent conducting electrode in silicon heterojunction solar cell
Abstract: in this article, a structure of heterojunction solar cell configured as ti (front contact)/p-phosphorene/n-csi/ag (back contact) has been simulated by using afosr-het v2.5 software. here, electronic nature of phosphorene layer which is anisotropic along armchair and zigzag directions has been considered as 3d in nature instead of 2d. after optimizing the parameters of p-type single layer phosphorene and n-type crystalline silicon (n-csi) maximum power conversion efficiency 15.51% and 14.06% has been achieved for armchair and zigzag phosphorene, respectively. the temperature dependence of the cell performance has been studied and maximum efficiency has been found at 300 k for both armchair and zigzag phosphorene layer. further, we have studied the effect of metal contact on the cell performance. we have also simulated the solar cell taking experimentally available parameters of n-csi and efficiencies of 13.29% and 14.06% are found in cases of the armchair and zigzag phosphorene layers, respectively. finally, we have demonstrated that multilayer p-type phosphorene layer could act as an effective transparent conducing electrode in the silicon heterojunction solar cell.

Paper 161
Title: nanostructured photoelectrochemical solar cell for nitrogen reduction using plasmon-enhanced black silicon
Abstract: ammonia (nh3) is one of the most widely produced chemicals worldwide. it has application in the production of many important chemicals, particularly fertilizers. it is also, potentially, an important energy storage intermediate and clean energy carrier. ammonia production, however, mostly uses fossil fuels and currently accounts for more than 1.6% of global co2 emissions (0.57 gt in 2015). here we describe a solar-driven nanostructured photoelectrochemical cell based on plasmon-enhanced black silicon for the conversion of atmospheric n-2 to ammonia producing yields of 13.3 mg m(-2) h(-1) under 2 suns illumination. the yield increases with pressure; the highest observed in this work was 60 mg m(-2) h(-1) at 7 atm. in the presence of sulfite as a reactant, the process also offers a direct solar energy route to ammonium sulfate, a fertilizer of economic importance. although the yields are currently not sufficient for practical application, there is much scope for improvement in the active materials in this cell.

Paper 162
Title: an 18.2%-efficient black-silicon solar cell achieved through control of carrier recombination in nanostructures
Abstract: silicon nanowire and nanopore arrays promise to reduce manufacturing costs and increase the power conversion efficiency of photovoltaic devices. so far, however, photovoltaic cells based on nanostructured silicon exhibit lower power conversion efficiencies than conventional cells due to the enhanced photocarrier recombination associated with the nanostructures. here, we identify and separately measure surface recombination and auger recombination in wafer-based nanostructured silicon solar cells. by identifying the regimes of junction doping concentration in which each mechanism dominates, we were able to design and fabricate an independently confirmed 18.2%-efficient nanostructured 'black-silicon' cell that does not need the antireflection coating layer(s) normally required to reach a comparable performance level. our results suggest design rules for efficient high-surface-area solar cells with nano-and microstructured semiconductor absorbers.

Paper 163
Title: silicon nanowires for solar thermal energy harvesting: an experimental evaluation on the trade-off effects of the spectral optical properties
Abstract: silicon nanowire possesses great potential as the material for renewable energy harvesting and conversion. the significantly reduced spectral reflectivity of silicon nanowire to visible light makes it even more attractive in solar energy applications. however, the benefit of its use for solar thermal energy harvesting remains to be investigated and has so far not been clearly reported. the purpose of this study is to provide practical information and insight into the performance of silicon nanowires in solar thermal energy conversion systems. spectral hemispherical reflectivity and transmissivity of the black silicon nanowire array on silicon wafer substrate were measured. it was observed that the reflectivity is lower in the visible range but higher in the infrared range compared to the plain silicon wafer. a drying experiment and a theoretical calculation were carried out to directly evaluate the effects of the trade-off between scattering properties at different wavelengths. it is clearly seen that silicon nanowires can improve the solar thermal energy harnessing. the results showed that a 17.8 % increase in the harvest and utilization of solar thermal energy could be achieved using a silicon nanowire array on silicon substrate as compared to that obtained with a plain silicon wafer.

Paper 164
Title: elucidation of iron gettering mechanisms in boron-implanted silicon solar cells
Abstract: to facilitate cost-effective manufacturing of boron-implanted silicon solar cells as an alternative to bbr3 diffusion, we performed a quantitative test of the gettering induced by solar-typical boron-implants with the potential for low saturation current density emitters (< 50 fa/cm(2)). we show that depending on the contamination level and the gettering anneal chosen, such boron-implanted emitters can induce more than a 99.9% reduction in bulk iron point defect concentration. the iron point defect results as well as synchrotron-based nano-x-ray-fluorescence investigations of iron precipitates formed in the implanted layer imply that, with the chosen experimental parameters, iron precipitation is the dominant gettering mechanism, with segregation-based gettering playing a smaller role. we reproduce the measured iron point defect and precipitate distributions via kinetics modeling. first, we simulate the structural defect distribution created by the implantation process, and then we model these structural defects as heterogeneous precipitation sites for iron. unlike previous theoretical work on gettering via boron-or phosphorus-implantation, our model is free of adjustable simulation parameters. the close agreement between the model and experimental results indicates that the model successfully captures the necessary physics to describe the iron gettering mechanisms operating in boron-implanted silicon. this modeling capability allows high-performance, cost-effective implanted silicon solar cells to be designed.

Paper 165
Title: fabrication of black silicon via reactive ion etching through cu micromask
Abstract: black silicon was fabricated on a pyramid silicon surface via reactive ion etching (rie) through a cu micromask formed by a sputtering and annealing process. this adopted rie technique does not rely on oxygen gas avoiding the silicon surface damage from oxygen plasma. scanning electron microscopy and an uv-vis-nir spectrophotometer were used to characterise the morphology and optical reflectance of the prepared samples with porous structures on a pyramid. the results show that the homogeneity of the cu micromask controlled by the annealing condition determines the reflectance of the textured silicon wafer. a lowest reflectance of 6.2% appears in the samples with sputtered cu thin film annealed at a temperature of 500 degrees c for 10 min. this work may provide a choice to fabricate black silicon with an excellent light confinement structure, which will have potential application for the improvement of efficiency of silicon solar cells.

Paper 166
Title: charge fluctuations at the si-sio2 interface and its effect on surface recombination in solar cells
Abstract: the si-sio2 interface has and will continue to play a major role in the development of silicon photovoltaic devices. this work presents a detailed examination of how charge at or near this interface influences device performance. new understanding is identified on the effect of charge-induced potential fluctuations at the silicon surface. such fluctuations have been considered in si-sio2 recombination models previously, where a universal value of electrical potential deviation was used to represent the effect. however, the approach disregards that the variation occurs in the charge concentration rather than the potential. we modify the models to accurately reflect fluctuations in external charge, allowing a precise representation of surface recombination velocity, with self-consistent d-it, sigma(p), and sigma(n) parameters. correctly accounting for these parameters can provide insights into the passivation mechanisms which can aid the development of future devices. using the corrected model, we find that the effect of charge fluctuation at the si-sio2 interface is significant for the depletion regime to the weak inversion regime. this indicates that surface passivation dielectrics must operate with charge concentrations in excess of 2x10(12) q/cm(2) to avoid these effects. tcad device simulations show that the efficiency of future perc cells can improve up to 1% absolute when optimally charged dielectric coatings are applied both at the front and rear surfaces.

Paper 167
Title: enhanced optoelectronic conversion in diamond-wire sawing multi crystalline silicon solar cells through nanotexture-induced photon management
Abstract: nanotextured diamond-wire sawing (dws) multi-crystalline silicon (mc-si) solar cells are successfully fabricated on an industrial scale. the nanotextures are achieved through reactive ion etching (rie). by introducing the rienanotextures, the dws me-si solar cells with aluminum back-surface field (al-bsf) structure exhibit an enhanced optoelectronic conversion, and high power conversion efficiency (pce) of up to 19.50%. this enhanced optoelectronic conversion is attributed to nanotexture-induced photon management effect, including both efficient reflection reduction and absorption enhancement, and which offset over the increased recombination of charge carriers. the dws me-si solar cells are promising for industrial production due to the low raw material cost, high pce, and manufacturing processes compatible with the existing production lines.

Paper 168
Title: study on efficiency improvement of multi-crystalline silicon solar cell by removing by-product and plasma induced damage generated during reactive ion etching
Abstract: silicon solar cell texturing is the process of reducing the light reflection of the solar cells by changing their surface structure. given that multi-crystalline silicon (mc-si) wafers have grains with different orientations, their texturing process is more difficult to realize compared with those of monocrystalline silicon (mono-si) wafers. there are two types of texturing processes: wet and dry texturing. acidic solution-based wet-textured me-si samples have higher reflectance values than mono-si wafers. however, the reactive ion etching (rie)-texturing of me-si wafers has the advantage of decreasing reflectance to values below 10%. despite this decrease in reflectance, rie byproducts and plasma-induced damage bring about recombination that results in a decrease the passivation properties of the solar cell. in this study, the rie byproducts as well as the plasma-induced damage of the rie-textured me-si wafers were analyzed using sem, stem, and eds analysis, while quasi-steady-state photoconductance (qsspc) was used to confirm the optical characteristics of the rie-textured me-si wafers. additionally, hf treatment resulted in byproduct removal, and a relatively high implied v-oc (673 mv) was confirmed within 3 min of hf treatment. the defect removal etching (dre) process using koh was applied to remove the lattice defect layer, and after 40 s of the dre treatment, the implied v-oc increased to (similar to)680 mv. thus, the rie-textured mc-si solar cell showed a power conversion efficiency of 19.6%, which was (similar to)0.6% higher than that of acid-textured me-si solar cells based on the increase in short-circuit current (i-sc).

Paper 169
Title: light-trapping enhancement based on ga2o3 nano-islands coated glass substrate
Abstract: nano-size textured topography is important to gain high absorption ratio of the incoming light for thin film solar cells. in this paper, a ga2o3 nano-islands coated glass substrate is introduced by annealing ga nano-islands in air. the aspect ratio of the islands can be easily controlled by tuning the average thickness of ga film. based on the proposed substrate, with average horizontal size of 500 nm and root-mean-square roughness of 80 nm of the nano-islands, the average reflectivity under am 1.5 illumination spectrum can be limited at 6.6% when si absorber layer is only 480 nm thick. (c) 2011 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.

Paper 170
Title: co-evaporated formamidinium lead iodide based perovskites with 1000 h constant stability for fully textured monolithic perovskite/silicon tandem solar cells
Abstract: formamidinium iodide (fai) based perovskite absorbers have been shown to be ideal candidates for highly efficient and operationally stable perovskite solar cells (psc). a major challenge for formamidinium lead iodide (fapbi(3)) is to suppress the phase transition from the photoactive black phase into yellow nonperovskite delta-phase. several approaches to stabilize the black phase have been developed for solution-based perovskites, whereas so far, vacuum-deposited fapbi(3) has rarely been reported. this study demonstrates the preparation of fapbi(3) by co-evaporation and discusses the influence of the subjacent hole transporting layer (htl) on its phase stability. by using fai excess in the evaporation process in combination with phosphonic acids groups from the htl, the black perovskite phase is stabilized at room temperature. further addition of 32-59% methylammonium iodide (mai) during the co-evaporation process leads to good absorption properties and high psc efficiencies of 20.4%. in addition, excellent stability is achieved for optimized mai to fai ratios, maintaining 100% of the initial psc performance after 1000 h under constant operation. this highly stable perovskite composition enables the first monolithic fully textured perovskite/silicon tandem solar cells with co-evaporated perovskite absorbers. due to the conformally covered pyramid texture, these tandem cells show minimal reflection losses and reach an efficiency of 24.6%.

Paper 171
Title: reflection prediction of black silicon texture under the guidance of image recognition technology
Abstract: black silicon texturing has been considered to be a promising wafer texturing technology and can effectively improve the short-circuit current and, thus, power conversion efficiency, which has been widely used in the multicrystalline silicon photovoltaic industry. in this article, we propose a new method to "recognize" the black silicon morphology from the scanning electron microscope (sem) images and to predict the resultant reflectance. imagej software was applied to recognize and analyze the sem images for the first time, to obtain the acid-etched pit parameters. then, we applied the recognized parameters into the sigmoid-boltzmann equation to obtain an accurate distribution of the pit size. finally, a modified model has been established to describe the exponential relations between the reflectance and the ratio of pit depth d over wavelength lambda (d/lambda), pit size, and pit coverage proportion. for the typical pit size 500-800 nm in mass production, its depth is about half of the wavelength lambda. thus, we can predict the reflectance of the black silicon surface precisely, by monitoring their sem images. the average reflectance deviation between the measured and the predicted reflectance is similar to 3.7% relatively.

Paper 172
Title: 0.76% absolute efficiency increase for screen-printed multicrystalline silicon solar cells with nanostructures by reactive ion etching
Abstract: in this study, the reactive ion etching in combination with alkaline etching was employed to texture the surface of a 156 x 156 mm(2) multi-crystalline silicon wafers to reduce their solar reflectivity and improve conversion efficiency. reactive gases comprising chlorine (cl-2), sulfur hexafluoride (sf6) and oxygen (o-2), were activated in the radio-frequency (rf) plasma to fabricate pyramids in an reactive ion etching (rie) system. the multi-crystalline si substrates were etched in various compositions of gases to form the nanostructures of various shapes. besides the nanoscale features, the high density of nanostructures formed on the multi-crystalline si surface was also required to significantly reduce the reflectivity. a low reflectivity surface was successfully fabricated with the average reflectivity significantly reduced down to <2% for the wavelength range of 300-850 nm. the short wavelength spectral response (blue response) improvement is observed in rie textured solar cells compared to the standard textured cells. the rie textured surfaces in combination with optimized emitter resistance result in a remarkable enhancement of short circuit current density. compared with the acidic textured solar cells, the absolute conversion efficiency of the alkaline+rie textured cells was improved by 0.76% in average. (c) 2016 published by elsevier b.v.

Paper 173
Title: fabrication of 20.19% efficient single-crystalline silicon solar cell with inverted pyramid microstructure
Abstract: this paper reports inverted pyramid microstructure-based single-crystalline silicon (sc-si) solar cell with a conversion efficiency up to 20.19% in standard size of 156.75 x 156.75 mm(2). the inverted pyramid microstructures were fabricated jointly by metal-assisted chemical etching process (mace) with ultra-low concentration of silver ions and optimized alkaline anisotropic texturing process. and the inverted pyramid sizes were controlled by changing the parameters in both mace and alkaline anisotropic texturing. regarding passivation efficiency, the textured sc-si with normal reflectivity of 9.2% and inverted pyramid size of 1 mu m was used to fabricate solar cells. the best batch of solar cells showed a 0.19% higher of conversion efficiency and a 0.22 ma cm(-2) improvement in short-circuit current density, and the excellent photoelectric property surpasses that of the same structure solar cell reported before. this technology shows great potential to be an alternative for large-scale production of high efficient sc-si solar cells in the future.

Paper 174
Title: 19.2%-efficient multicrystalline silicon solar cells via additive-free mechanical grinding surface pretreatment for diamond-wire-sawn wafers
Abstract: the introduction of diamond wire sawing (dws) technology has resulted in significant cost reduction in the fabrication of crystalline silicon wafers. however, the dws process results in parallel wheel marks, saw damage, and formation of an amorphous silicon layer on the surface, which causes difficultly in effectively forming the desired surface texture using conventional acidic etching (also known isotropic etching) techniques for multicrystalline silicon (mc-si) wafers. in this study, we propose a novel pretreatment grinding (nptg) technique as a method to address such issues. this is a relatively simple and inexpensive method that does not utilize processes that require the use of expensive equipment, such as vacuum equipment. additionally, it makes use of environment-friendly procedures that do not require materials such as metal catalysts and additives that cause environmental pollution. the proposed nptg method provides a good surface topology for effective texturing using a conventional acidic etching solution, and as a result, a uniform texture can be applied to dws mc-si wafers. under the optimized experimental conditions in this study, a weighted average reflectance of 22.63% was achieved after the nptg was applied. this reflected 6.67% less light than the 29.3% after conventional acidic texturing without the nptg using dws mc-si wafers. further, a solar cell fabricated using the dws mc-si wafers treated with the nptg method achieved a cell efficiency of approximately 19.2%.

Paper 175
Title: efficient light trapping in silicon solar cells by ultrafast-laser-induced self-assembled micro/nano structures
Abstract: a novel ultrafast laser processing technique is used to create self-assembled micro/nano structures on a silicon surface for efficient light trapping. under appropriate experimental conditions, light reflection (including scattering) of the si surface has been reduced to less than 3% for the entire solar spectrum and the material appears completely black to the naked eye. a post-chemical cleaning is applied to remove laser-redeposited material and induced defects. optical, morphological, and structural characterizations have been carried out on as-laser-treated and post-chemically cleaned surfaces. finally, we report for the first time the total efficiency of over 14% and high external quantum efficiency (eqe) results on photovoltaic devices fabricated on the ultrafast-laser-induced micro/nano structured silicon wafer, which can be further improved upon process optimization. copyright (c) 2011 john wiley & sons, ltd.

Paper 176
Title: photon management effects of hybrid nanostructures/microstructures for organic-silicon heterojunction solar cells
Abstract: photon management and carrier separation play crucial roles on designing highly efficient organic-silicon heterojunction solar cells. aiming at suppressing optical reflection loss and improving carrier separation efficiency simultaneously, in this paper, we experimentally fabricated hybrid nanostructured/microstructured surfaces by combining the advantages of microstructures and nanostructures. the hybrid nanostructured/microstructured surfaces were prepared by stacking nanoholes on the micropyramids via using a cost-effective method. in terms of the optical properties, the light reflection, angle-dependent light absorption, and polarization-dependent light absorption of the different structured surfaces were investigated. the results indicated that the hybrid nanostructures/microstructures exhibited ultralow reflection in the broadband wavelength range of 300 to 1100 nm (average reflection is 1.8%). meanwhile, the hybrid nanostructured/microstructured surfaces possessed superior omnidirectional and polarization-independent properties compared to the unitary structures such as pyramid and nanohole. furthermore, these different structured surfaces were simply used to fabricate the pedot:pss/n-si heterojunction solar cells to show the electrical properties. it was found that the pedot:pss/hybrid si solar cells showed a pce of 9.96%, which was greater than the pedot:pss/pyramid si and pedot:pss/black si solar cells, owing to the compromise among light absorption, junction area, and minority carrier lifetime. the present work will provide a promising way to fabricate high-performance and low-cost pedot:pss/n-si heterojunction solar cells by using hybrid nanostructured/microstructured surfaces.

Paper 177
Title: 18.88%-efficient multi-crystalline silicon solar cells by combining cu-catalyzed chemical etching and post-treatment process
Abstract: mass production of diamond-wire-sawn (dws) multi-crystalline silicon (mc-si) solar cells reached a significant point of maturity through utilization of metal-catalyzed chemical etching (mcce). however, the reported studies always focus on how to optimize the mcce process but there are few studies concentrating on the post-treatment techniques to improve the cell efficiency. in this paper, we use a combination of cu-mcce method and a hf/hno3/h3po4 post-processing treatment process to decorate the surface of si textures for the first time. the submicron polygonal chamfered cone structure produced by the post-processing treatment is demonstrated to be helpful in reducing surface recombination and improving the cell performance in terms of surface morphology, reflectivity, internal quantum efficiency (iqe) and external quantum efficiency (eqe) measurements as well as electroluminescence (el) spectra characterizations. the highest efficiency of cu-mcce me-si solar cells subjected to such post-processing treatment process is 18.88% with short circuit current (isc), open circuit voltage (voc) and fill factor (ff) of 36.67 ma/cm(2), 638.6 mv and 80.64%, respectively, in great contrast to that (16.81%) of cu-mcce me-si solar cells without any post treatment. the post-treatment process is, therefore, of great potential for the si photovoltaic industry, especially for the cu-mcce me-si solar cells.

Paper 178
Title: surface morphological and optical properties of flexible black silicon fabricated by metal-assisted chemical etching
Abstract: flexible black silicon (b-si) is a promising candidate to reduce technology cost while maintaining superior light absorption and high photocurrent in crystalline silicon (c-si) solar cells. in this study, surface morphological and optical properties of flexible b-si fabricated by metal-assisted chemical etching (mace) have been investigated. monocrystalline silicon (mono c-si) wafers are thinned down to 65 um by concentrated potassium hydroxide (koh) solution to produce flexible wafers. then, b-si nanowires (b-si nws) are fabricated using one-step mace process with different etching durations (5-25 min), utilizing silver (ag) as catalyst. the flexible b-si etched for 20 min exhibits nanowires with length of about 1.61 mu m, which leads to the lowest average weighted reflectance (awr) and the highest broadband absorption within 300-1100 nm wavelength region. the enhanced broadband light absorption is attributed to refractive index grading effect at the air/b-si interface which increases lightcoupling into the flexible b-si absorber. with the 20 min etching, the maximum potential short-circuit current density (j(sc(max))) in the b-si absorber increases to 40 ma/cm(2), or 70.2% relative enhancement when compared to the c-si reference.

Paper 179
Title: the dependence of mo ratio on the formation of uniform black silicon by helium plasma irradiation
Abstract: reducing the optical reflection of silicon (si) material is a crucial issue on the surface of solar cells and other photonic applications. fabrication of nanocone structures on the si surface (black si) by plasma (helium or argon) irradiation is a novel technique in recent decades with advantages, such as simple, economical, and harmless to the si substrate. however, the uniformity and controllability of the surface remain problematic. in this study, uniform black silicon was obtained by low energy (<50 ev) helium ion irradiation with auxiliary mo co-deposition. the characteristics of the nanocone show a clear relation with the mo ratio. deposited mo was found to accumulate on the cone body, especially on the tip, and it worked as a nano mask to induce the formation of the nanocone and protect it from sputtering. the surface with high and large diameter nanocones possesses low reflectances of roughly 2%. the study of the relation between mo ratio, characteristics of the nanostructure, and the reflectance of the surface raises a potential method of surface tailoring.

Paper 180
Title: large-scale preparation of 22.06% efficiency single-crystalline silicon solar cells with inverted pyramid microstructure through nanostructure rebuilding treatment
Abstract: the inverted pyramid microstructures (ipms) were fabricated jointly by metal-assisted chemical etching (mace) technology with extremely low concentration of silver ions to formed nanopores and nanostructure rebuilding (nsr) treatment of nh(4)hf(2)solution. the results show nanopores were achieved with the aid of ag-mace technology, which diameter was mainly affected by the action of ag ions, and depth was yet mainly influenced by hf concentration. textured ipms single-crystalline silicon (sc-si) solar cells with the diameter of 1 mu m and reflectivity of 8.62% were large-scale prepared. benefiting from better light-trapping ability, the photoelectric conversion efficiency of ipms sc-si solar cells in standard size of 156.75 x 156.75 mm(2)achieved 22.06%. simultaneously, the short-circuit current was increased by 71 ma. this promising technology could become a viable solution for industrial production of highly efficient sc-si solar cells in the foreseeable future.

Paper 181
Title: black phosphorus quantum dots induced high-quality perovskite film for efficient and thermally stable planar perovskite solar cells
Abstract: crystallinity and trap-state density of a perovskite film play a critical role in the performance of corresponding perovskite solar cells (pvscs). herein, liquid-phase-exfoliated black phosphorus quantum dots (bpqds) are incorporated into the perovskite precursor solution as additives to direct the formation of the perovskite film, i.e., methylammonium lead iodide (mapbi(3)). it is found that the perovskite films made with bpqds have higher crystallinity and less nonradiative detects compared with the pristine ones, leading to longer carrier lifetime and higher carrier collection efficiency. time-of-flight secondary-ion mass spectra and surface density calculation of bpqds reveal that the improvement of the perovskite film quality may be related to the heterogeneous nucleation of the perovskite film at the bpqds. pvscs using mapbi(3) films made with bpqds achieve a maximum power conversion efficiency of 20.0% and an encouraging thermal stability of t-80 = 100 h at 100 degrees c. both values are remarkably higher than the devices with pristine perovskite films. therefore, this work demonstrates the potential of the 2d materials quantum dots-assisted growth method for high-performance pvscs.

Paper 182
Title: formation of antireflection nanostructure for silicon solar cells using catalysis of single nano-sized silver particle
Abstract: antireflection nanostructure was formed by simple wet chemical etching using catalysis of silver (ag) nanoparticle. single nano-sized ag particle dispersion solution was coated onto si(1 0 0) substrate with polished surface. then, the samples were soaked in an aqueous etching solution of hydrofluoric acid and hydrogen peroxide. the surface of 9-min-etched si substrate appeared black, and the reflectivity was reduced to below 5% throughout the entire spectrum from 200 to 1000 nm owing to the formed nanostructure. the absorption was significantly increased after the formation of antireflection structure with 9 min etching, and the conversion efficiency of solar cell with antireflection structure increased from 8.25 to 10.0% owing to the increase of short-circuit current. (c) 2009 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 183
Title: anti-reflectance optimization of secondary nanostructured black silicon grown on micro-structured arrays
Abstract: owing to its extremely low light absorption, black silicon has been widely investigated and reported in recent years, and simultaneously applied to various disciplines. black silicon is, in general, fabricated on flat surfaces based on the silicon substrate. however, with three normal fabrication methodsplasma dry etching, metal-assisted wet etching, and femtosecond laser pulse etchingblack silicon cannot perform easily due to its lowest absorption and thus some studies remained in the laboratory stage. this paper puts forward a novel secondary nanostructured black silicon, which uses the dry-wet hybrid fabrication method to achieve secondary nanostructures. in consideration of the influence of the structure's size, this paper fabricated different sizes of secondary nanostructured black silicon and compared their absorptions with each other. a total of 0.5% reflectance and 98% absorption efficiency of the pit sample were achieved with a diameter of 117.1 m and a depth of 72.6 m. in addition, the variation tendency of the absorption efficiency is not solely monotone increasing or monotone decreasing, but firstly increasing and then decreasing. by using a statistical image processing method, nanostructures with diameters between 20 and 30 nm are the majority and nanostructures with a diameter between 10 and 40 nm account for 81% of the diameters.

Paper 184
Title: silicon quantum dot/black silicon hybrid nanostructure for broadband reflection reduction
Abstract: the incorporation of silicon quantum dots (si qds) onto black silicon (b-si) as a hybrid nanostructure has resulted in reflectance reduction over a wide spectral range (300-1000 nm). si qds were derived from porous si (p-si) by anodic electrochemical etching and ultrasonication whereas b-si was fabricated by the two-step metal assisted chemical etching (mace) technique. si qds with average diameter of 1.8 +/- 1.1 nm are suitable for photon down-conversion of uv light (365 nm) into the visible (665 and 740 nm). as a hybrid nanostructure, smaller sized si qds exhibited better surface coverage on the b-si nanopillar sidewalls resulting in enhanced broadband reflection reduction, particularly at 600 nm and beyond. at wavelength of 600 nm, the si qd/b-si nanostructure exhibited a reflectance reduction from 9.9% to 6.5% with a more pronounced reduction towards the longer wavelengths, attributed to refractive index matching and optical confinement within the si nanostructure. photocurrent enhancement in the uv-blue excitation region is attributed to photon downconversion (uv to visible) by si qds to the underlying b-si.

Paper 185
Title: energy yield of bifacial textured perovskite/silicon tandem photovoltaic modules
Abstract: bifacial perovskite/crystalline silicon (c-si) tandem photovoltaic (pv) modules that harvest albedo radiation are a promising strategy to further enhance the energy yield (ey) of monofacial perovskite/c-si tandem pv modules. given the required current matching in bifacial perovskite/c-si two-terminal (2t) tandem pv modules, predicting the expected enhancement in ey requires an advanced ey modelling framework. in this study, the architecture, module tilt, perovskite absorber layer thickness, and bandgap of the perovskite top solar cell are optimized for several types of grounds and two locations. compared to bifacial c-si single junction pv modules, the relative enhancement in ey of textured bifacial perovskite/c-si 2t tandem pv modules is around 24-38% for an exemplary grass ground (mean albedo = 35%). with increasing albedo, the optimum bandgap of the perovskite top solar cell decreases from 1.72 ev (black ground, mean albedo = 0%) to 1.55 ev (snow, mean albedo = 88%). this is attributed to enhanced current generation only in the c-si bottom solar cell due to albedo radiation, entering the solar cell at the rear side. in addition, minor optical losses due to ground shading are found for modules with a finite mounting height in the range of 1 m. overall, our study highlights the importance of ey modelling to assess the performance of bifacial perovskite/c-si tandem pv. it provides direction for the design of bifacial perovskite/c-si tandem solar cells with regard to the device architecture and the choice of the perovskite material with regard to its bandgap.

Paper 186
Title: post-black etching on emitter to improve performance of multi-scale texture silicon solar cells
Abstract: a simple, low-cost, post-black etching process atop the random pyramidal emitter has been proposed and investigated. the multi-scale texture is achieved by combining nanoporous layer formed by the post-black etching with micron-scale pyramid texture. compared to the preblack etched si solar cells, our experiments clearly show the advantage of post-black etched texturing: it enables high blue response and improved conversion efficiency. as a result, the enhancement of 7.1 ma/cm(2) on the short-circuit current density and improvement of 31 % in the conversion efficiency have been reached.

Paper 187
Title: near-infrared optical absorption enhanced in black silicon via ag nanoparticle-induced localized surface plasmon
Abstract: due to the localized surface plasmon (lsp) effect induced by ag nanoparticles inside black silicon, the optical absorption of black silicon is enhanced dramatically in near-infrared range (1,100 to 2,500 nm). the black silicon with ag nanoparticles shows much higher absorption than black silicon fabricated by chemical etching or reactive ion etching over ultraviolet to near-infrared (uv-vis-nir, 250 to 2,500 nm). the maximum absorption even increased up to 93.6% in the nir range (820 to 2,500 nm). the high absorption in nir range makes lsp-enhanced black silicon a potential material used for nir-sensitive optoelectronic device.

Paper 188
Title: assessing the potential of inversion layer solar cells based on highly charged dielectric nanolayers
Abstract: the production and performance of p-type inversion layer (il) si solar cells, manufactured with an ion-injection technique that produces a highly charged dielectric nanolayer, are investigated. it is demonstrated that the field-induced electron layer underneath the dielectric can reach a dark sheet resistance of 0.95 k omega sq(-1) on a 1 omega cm n-type substrate, lower than any previously reported. in addition, it is shown that the implied open-circuit voltage of a p-type il cell precursor with a highly charged dielectric is equivalent to that of a cell with a phosphorous emitter. in the cell precursor, light-beam-induced current measurements are performed, and the uniformity and performance of the il is demonstrated. finally, simulations are used to explain the physical characteristics of the interface leading to extremely low sheet resistances, and to assess the efficiency potential of il cells. il cells are predicted to reach an efficiency of 24.5%, and 24.8% on 5/10 omega cm substrates, by replacing the phosphorous emitter with a simpler manufacturing process. this requires a charge density of beyond 2 x 10(13) cm(-2), as is demonstrated here. moreover, il cells perform even better at higher charge densities and when negative charge is optimized at the rear dielectric.

Paper 189
Title: carbon black/silicon nitride nanocomposites as high-efficiency counter electrodes for dye-sensitized solar cells
Abstract: a carbon black-silicon nitride (cb-si3n4) nanocomposite is prepared as a cost-effective counter electrode (ce) for dye-sensitized solar cells (dsscs). the cb-si3n4 nanocomposite is coated on an fto substrate via the screen printing method. the results demonstrate that when the thickness is fixed at 4.7 m the cb-si3n4 composite ce exhibits lower charge transfer resistance and higher electrocatalytic activity towards the reduction of tri-iodide over the cb and si3n4 electrodes. the cb-si3n4-3% ce achieves the best catalytic activity and the prepared dssc shows a power conversion efficiency of 8.06%. as the thickness of the cb-si3n4-3% ce increases, the electrocatalytic ability is enhanced, and the charge transfer resistance at the electrolyte/ce interface decreases. the overall performance of the cb-si3n4-3% ce with a thickness of 14.1 m is comparable to that of pt-doped ces. furthermore, a dssc equipped with cb-si3n4-3% ces of 14.1 m thickness exhibits a high efficiency of 8.37%, which is comparable to that of the pt-based dssc (8.50%). the simple preparation technique, outstanding electrocatalytic activity, and low cost of production allow the cb-si3n4 nanocomposite to be a promising and efficient ce for dsscs.

Paper 190
Title: microstructure and optical properties of black silicon layers
Abstract: black silicon structures were formed by etching of silicon substrates based on the surface structure chemical transfer method. formed structures show gradient of material density in the nanocrystalline si layer leading to ultralow spectral reflectance below 3% in wide spectral region. in study of the development of microstructure properties during the forming procedure the tem images were used. information abut the microstructure observed in the tem images was analysed by the abbott-firestone method. by using this approach limiting conditions for the black silicon layer formation were obtained. spectral reflectances of studied samples were modelled by using the effective medium theory. multilayer theoretical model based on splitting the black silicon layer into 20 sublayers was constructed. optical properties of each individual sublayer were described by using bruggeman effective media theory combining si, sio2 and void fractions. gradual development of real and imaginary part of complex index of refraction was observed in the volume of black silicon layers. results of optical analysis correspond to the microstructure development during sample forming.

Paper 191
Title: enhanced near-infrared absorber: two-step fabricated structured black silicon and its device application
Abstract: silicon is widely used in semiconductor industry but has poor performance in near-infrared photoelectronic devices because of its high reflectance and band gap limit. in this study, two-step process, deep reactive ion etching (drie) method combined with plasma immersion ion implantation (piii), are used to fabricate microstructured black silicon on the surface of c-si. these improved surfaces doped with sulfur elements realize a narrower band gap and an enhancement of light absorptance, especially in the near-infrared range (800 to 2000 nm). meanwhile, the maximum light absorptance increases significantly up to 83%. a si-pin photoelectronic detector with microstructured black silicon at the back surface exhibits remarkable device performance, leading to a responsivity of 0.53 a/w at 1060 nm. this novel microstructured black silicon, combining narrow band gap characteristic, could have a potential application in near-infrared photoelectronic detection.

Paper 192
Title: high-efficient solar cells by the ag/cu-assisted chemical etching process on diamond-wire-sawn multicrystalline silicon
Abstract: in this paper, we presented a novel low-cost method for diamond-wire-sawn (dws) multicrystalline silicon (mc-si) wafer texturation based on the metal-assisted chemical etching process with ag/cu dual elements and nanostructure rebuilding (nsr) treatment to remove the saw marks and to realize uniform invert pyramid textured structures. benefiting from both the increased optical absorption and better passivation, an efficiency of 18.71% for invert pyramid mc-si solar cells from a dws wafer with a standard size of 156 x 156 mm(2) was obtained, which was 0.58% and 2.33% absolutely higher than that (18.13%) of the traditional mc-si solar cell and than that (16.38%) of the black mc-si solar cell without nsr treatment, respectively.

Paper 193
Title: periodic nanostructures on unpolished substrates and their integration in solar cells
Abstract: we present a novel fabrication process based on laser interference lithography, lift-off and reactive ion etching, which allows us to fabricate periodic nanostructures on photovoltaic substrates with an average root mean square (rms) roughness of 750nm. we fabricate nanostructures on unpolished crystalline silicon substrates, which reduces their reflectance 30% as fabricated. when an additional passivation layer is deposited, the light trapping grows, achieving a reflectance reduction of 60%. in addition, we have successfully integrated the nanostructured substrates in silicon wafer-based solar cells following standard processes, achieving a final efficiency of 15.56%.

Paper 194
Title: high-efficiency 6 '' multicrystalline black solar cells based on metal-nanoparticle-assisted chemical etching
Abstract: multicrystalline silicon (mc-si) photovoltaic (pv) solar cells with nanoscale surface texturing by metal-nanoparticle-assisted etching are proposed to achieve high power efficiency. the investigation of average nanorod lengths from 100 nm to 1 mu m reveals that the si wafer decorated with 100 nm thick nanorods has optical reflection of 9.5% inferior than the one with 1 mu m thick nanorods (2%). however, the short nanorods improve the doping uniformity and effectively decrease metal contact resistance. after surface passivation using the hydrogenated sio2/sinx (5 nm/50 nm) stack, the minority carrier lifetime substantially increases from 1.8 to 7.2 mu s for the 100 nm-thick nanorod solar cell to achieve the high power efficiency of 16.38%, compared with 1 mu m thick nanorod solar cell with 11.87%.

Paper 195
Title: high-efficient solar cells textured by cu/ag-cocatalyzed chemical etching on diamond wire sawing multicrystalline silicon
Abstract: we reported a novel texture method through one-step cu/ag-cocatalyzed chemical etching which can be widely used in the photovoltaic industry because of its simple and low-cost process. the etching mechanism of an inverted rectangular pyramid is the cooperation of ag-catalyzed vertical etching and cu-catalyzed lateral etching. in our texture method, neither saw damage removal nor post-treatment is needed. during the etching process, the digging holes by ag-catalyzed etching and enlarging holes by cu-catalyzed etching completed at the same step. benefiting from the excellent light-trapping and passivation effect of the inverted rectangular pyramid, diamond wire sawing multicrystalline silicon (mc-si) al-bsf solar cells with a super high efficiency of 19.49% had been obtained.

Paper 196
Title: near-infrared absorptance enhancement and device application of nanostructured black silicon fabricated by metal-assist chemical etching
Abstract: we use metal-assist chemical etching (mce) method to fabricate nanostructured black silicon on the surface of c-si. in our mce process, a chemical reduction reaction of silver cation (ag+) will happen on the surface of silicon substrate, and at the same time the silicon atoms around ag particles are oxidized and dissolved, generating nanopores and finally forming a layer called black silicon on the top of the substrates. the nanopores have diameter and depth of about 400 nm and 2 mu m, respectively. furthermore, these modified surfaces show higher light absorptance in near-infrared range (800 to 2500 nm) compared to that of c-si with polished surfaces, and the maximum light absorptance increases significantly up to 95% in the wavelength region of 400 to 2500 nm. the si-pin photoelectronic detector based on this type of black silicon, in which the black silicon layer is directly set as the photosensitive surface, has a substantial increase in responsivity with about 80 nm red shift of peak responsivity, particularly at near-infrared wavelengths, rising to 0.57 a/w at 1060 nm and 0.37 a/w at 1100 nm, respectively. our recent novel results clearly indicate that nanostructured black silicon made by mce has a potential application in near-infrared photoelectronic detectors.

Paper 197
Title: the enhanced light absorptance and device application of nanostructured black silicon fabricated by metal-assisted chemical etching
Abstract: we use metal-assisted chemical etching (mce) method to fabricate nanostructured black silicon on the surface of c-si. the si-pin photoelectronic detector based on this type of black silicon shows excellent device performance with a responsivity of 0.57 a/w at 1060 nm. silicon nanocone arrays can be created using mce treatment. these modified surfaces show higher light absorptance in the near-infrared range (800 to 2500 nm) compared to that of c-si with polished surfaces, and the variations in the absorption spectra of the nanostructured black silicon with different etching processes are obtained. the maximum light absorptance increases significantly up to 95 % in the wavelength range of 400 to 2500 nm. our recent novel results clearly indicate that nanostructured black silicon made by mce has potential application in near-infrared photoelectronic detectors.

Paper 198
Title: wide-band "black silicon" based on porous silicon
Abstract: solar cells and optical detection devices often incorporate antireflective surfaces to reduce undesired reflection and enhance optical absorption. this letter reports a "black silicon" structure of antireflective porous silicon fabricated by using electrochemical etching. the sample has a gradient-index multilayer structure, i.e., the refraction indices of the structure increase from the top (near the air) to the bottom (near the si substrate). reflectance below 5% is obtained over a broad wave number range (3000-28000 cm(-1)) and the depression mechanism of the optical reflectance is analyzed by simulating the structure with the transfer matrix method. the simulated result fits the measured spectra well. (c) 2006 american institute of physics.

Paper 199
Title: an 18.9% efficient black silicon solar cell achieved through control of pretreatment of ag/cu mace
Abstract: with diamond wire sawn (dws) technique becoming mainstream of multicrystalline silicon (mc-si) solar cells, the corresponding texturing technology for light harvesting is more prominent. in order to further reduce production costs of mature ag-based metal assisted chemical etching (mace), an ag/cu mace method was proposed. in this paper, the influence of different pretreatment method which has few studies reported before was investigated. the experimental results indicated that appropriate pretreatment could contribute to achieve uniform nanostructure, low reflectivity and recombination velocities of the silicon wafers. the light trapping mechanism of different texturing method was analyzed. the impact of nanostructure on surface passivation was also studied. industrial large area solar cells have been fabricated by applying different texturing method. the results showed that the pretreatment using hot alkaline solution with texturing additive was more beneficial to achieve high conversion efficiency. finally, an efficiency of 18.91% was obtained on dws mc-si wafer, which is 0.4% absolutely higher than the cells with traditional acid texturing.

Paper 200
Title: modeling field effect in black silicon and its impact on device performance
Abstract: black silicon (b-si) has improved the performance of solar cells and photodetectors due to the excellent optics and surface passivation achieved with atomic layer deposition (ald) dielectric films. one major reason for the success is the strong field effect caused by the high density of fixed charges present in the dielectric. depending on the device, the field effect can be utilized also in a more active role than for mere surface passivation, including the formation of floating and/or induced junctions in silicon devices. however, in order to utilize the field effect efficiently, a deeper understanding of the thin-film charge-induced electric field and its effects on charge carriers in b-si is required. here, we investigate the field effect in b-si using the silvaco atlas semiconductor device simulator. by studying the electric field and charge-carrier profiles, we develop a model where the electrical properties of b-si can be approximated with a planar surface, which significantly simplifies the device-level simulations. we validate the model by simulating the spectral response of a b-si -induced junction photodiode achieving less than 1% difference compared with experimental device performance in a wide range of wavelengths. finally, we apply the model to study how variation in surface recombination velocity affects the short-wavelength sensitivity and dynamic range in a b-si photodiode.

Paper 201
Title: nanostructure-induced fast texturization of mono-crystalline silicon in low-concentration alkaline solution
Abstract: silicon solar cells have been center of focus over the decades while the price challenge still hinders its large-scale application. cost reduction is the urgent pursuit and our work focuses on the texturization process for mono-crystalline silicon. in this report, nanostructures made by metal-assisted chemical etching (mace) method were introduced before texturization in low-concentration alkaline solution, which shows the advantage in controlling uniformity and thickness losses compared with standard-concentration alkaline solution. by varying mace etching time, black silicon layers with different morphologies and depths were obtained. consequently, pyramid structures of different sizes were observed after texturizaiton. minimum reflectance value of 10.3% and mean pyramid size of 2.95 mu m were achieved in low-concentration alkaline solution with optimized mace etching time. by using sem, pl and analytical balance to analyze the morphologies of black silicon samples and corresponding thickness losses, we speculated that the nanostructures of black silicon layers acted as the preferential sites for etching, thus accelerated the texturization process and completed within only 10 min. in summary, low-concentration, short-time and less silicon consumption texturization for mono-crystalline silicon could be achieved using our one-step mace-induced method, exhibiting great potential in commercial photo-voltaics utilization and ultra-thin silicon solar cells.

Paper 202
Title: optimization of silver-assisted nano-pillar etching process in silicon
Abstract: in this study, a respond surface methodology (rsm) model is developed using three-level box-behnken experimental design (bbd) technique. this model is developed to investigate the influence of metal-assisted chemical etching (mace) process variables on the nanopillars profiles created in single crystalline silicon (si) substrate. design-expert software (version 7.1) is employed in formulating the rsm model based on five critical process variables: (a) concentration of silver (ag), (b) concentration of hydrofluoric acid (hf), (c) concentration of hydrogen peroxide (h2o2), (d) deposition time, and (e) etching time. this model is supported by data from 46 experimental configurations. etched profiles as a function of lateral etching rate, vertical etching rate, height, size and separation between the si trenches and etching uniformity are characterized using field emission scanning electron microscope (fe-sem). a quadratic regression model is developed to correlate critical process variables and is validated using the analysis of variance (anova) methodology. the model exhibits near-linear dependence of lateral and vertical etching rates on both the h2o2 concentration and etching time. the predicted model is in good agreement with the experimental data where r-2 is equal to 0.80 and 0.67 for the etching rate and lateral etching respectively. the optimized result shows minimum lateral etching with the average pore size of about 69 nm while the maximum etching rate is estimated at around 360 nm/min. the model demonstrates that the etching process uniformity is not influenced by either the etchant concentration or the etching time. this lack of uniformity could be attributed to the surface condition of the wafer. optimization of the process parameters show adequate accuracy of the model with acceptable percentage errors of 6%, 59%, 1.8%, 38% and 61% for determination of the height, separation, size, the pore size and the etching rate respectively. (c) 2015 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 203
Title: black silicon created by interfered femtosecond laser illumination
Abstract: a periodic parallel microgrooves on the silicon substrate with 2.5 um spacing covered by various nanostructures can be fabricated by using the interfered femtosecond laser illumination. the morphology created by this approach is apparently different from the common method using the femtosecond laser and sulfur hexafluoride (sf6). however, the treated silicon area could tremendously reduce the reflection from the surface. the reflectance of the structured surface is around 5% throughout the visible to near ir (1.1 um) despite of the viewing angle, which is comparative. furthermore, the effect of the reflectance reduction is weaker but still obvious when wavelength is beyond 1.1 um, which is believed to be able to extend to the mid ir range.

Paper 204
Title: low reflection and low surface recombination rate nano-needle texture formed by two-step etching for solar cells
Abstract: in this study, needle-like and pyramidal hybrid black silicon structures were prepared by performing metal-assisted chemical etching (mace) on alkaline-etched silicon wafers. effects of the mace time on properties of the black silicon wafers were investigated. the experimental results showed that a minimal reflectance of 4.6% can be achieved at the mace time of 9 min. the height of the nanostructures is below 500 nm, unlike the height of micrometers needed to reach the same level of reflectance for the black silicon on planar wafers. a stacked layer of silicon nitride (sinx) grown by inductively-coupled plasma chemical vapor deposition (icpcvd) and aluminum oxide (al2o3) by spatial atomic layer deposition was deposited on the black silicon wafers for passivation and antireflection. the 3 min mace etched black silicon wafer with a nanostructure height of less than 300 nm passivated by the sinx/al2o3 layer showed a low surface recombination rate of 43.6 cm/s. further optimizing the thickness of icpcvd-sinx layer led to a reflectance of 1.4%. the hybrid black silicon with a small nanostructure size, low reflectance, and low surface recombination rate demonstrates great potential for applications in optoelectronic devices.

Paper 205
Title: hybrid black silicon solar cells textured with the interplay of copper-induced galvanic displacement
Abstract: metal-assisted chemical etching (mace) has been widely employed for the fabrication of regular silicon (si) nanowire arrays. these features were originated from the directional etching of si preferentially along < 100> orientations through the catalytic assistance of metals, which could be gold, silver, platinum or palladium. in this study, the dramatic modulation of etching profiles toward pyramidal architectures was undertaken by utilizing copper as catalysts through a facile one-step etching process, which paved the exceptional way on the texturization of si for advanced photovoltaic applications. detailed examinations of morphological evolutions, etching kinetics and formation mechanism were performed, validating the distinct etching model on si contributed from cycling reactions of copper deposition and dissolution under a quasi-stable balance. in addition, impacts of surface texturization on the photovoltaic performance of organic/ inorganic hybrid solar cells were revealed through the spatial characterizations of voltage fluctuations upon light mapping analysis. it was found that the pyramidal textures made by copper-induced cycling reactions exhibited the sound antireflection characteristics, and further achieved the leading conversion efficiency of 10.7%, approximately 1.8 times and beyond 1.2 times greater than that of untexturized and nanowire-based solar cells, respectively.

Paper 206
Title: black phosphorus nanoflakes as morphology modifier for efficient fullerene-free organic solar cells with high fill-factor and better morphological stability
Abstract: morphology of the donor:acceptor blend plays a critical role in the photovoltaic performance of the organic solar cells (oscs). herein, liquid-phase-exfoliated black phosphorus nanoflakes (bpnfs), for their outstanding electronic property and good compatibility to solution process, were applied to fullerene-free oscs as morphology modifier. revealed by x-ray scattering measurements, the ptb7-th:ieico-4f blends incorporated with bpnfs exhibit more ordered - stacking and promoted domain purity, contributing to lower charge transport resistance and suppressed charge recombination within the bulk heterojunction (bhj). as a result, a high fill factor (ff) of 0.73 and a best power conversion efficiency (pce) of 12.2% were obtained for fullerene-free oscs based on ptb7-th:ieico-4f blends incorporating with bpnfs, which is among the highest ff of the as-cast fullerene-free oscs with pce over 12%. more importantly, the embedded bpnfs help to improve the morphological stability of the devices probably by retarding the phase mixing in the bhj during the aging period. besides, analogous enhancements were observed in another fullerene-free oscs based on pbdb-t:itic. in a word, this work provides a new strategy of using two-dimentional nanoflakes as facile and universal morphology modifier for efficient fullerene-free oscs.

Paper 207
Title: wave optical simulation of the light trapping properties of black silicon surface textures
Abstract: due to their low reflectivity and effective light trapping properties black silicon nanostructured surfaces are promising front side structures for thin crystalline silicon solar cells. for further optimization of the light trapping effect, particularly in combination with rear side structures, it is necessary to simulate the optical properties of black silicon. especially, the angular distribution of light in the silicon bulk after passage through the front side structure is relevant. in this paper, a rigorous coupled wave analysis of black silicon is presented, where the black silicon needle shaped structure is approximated by a randomized cone structure. the simulated absorptance agrees well with measurement data. furthermore, the simulated angular light distribution within the silicon bulk shows that about 70% of the light can be subjected to internal reflection, highlighting the good light trapping properties. (c)2016 optical society of america

Paper 208
Title: experimental demonstration of 4n(2) classical absorption limit in nanotextured ultrathin solar cells with dielectric omnidirectional back reflector
Abstract: the experimental demonstration of the 4n(2) classical absorption limit in solar cells has been elusive for the last 30 years. especially the assumptions on front and internal rear reflectance in a slab of absorbing material are not easily fulfilled unless an appropriate light-trapping scheme is applied. we propose an advanced metal-free light-trapping scheme for crystalline silicon wafers. for different bulk thicknesses, at the front side of the wafers we applied a nanotexture known as black-silicon. at the rear side, we implemented a random pyramidal texture coated with a distributed bragg reflector. such a dielectric back reflector was designed to exhibit a maximized omnidirectional internal rear reflectance in the region of weak absorption of crystalline silicon. integrating the measured absorptance spectra of our wafers with the reference solar photon flux between 400 and 1200 nm, we could calculate the so-called implied photogenerated current densities. for wafers thinner than 35 mu m, we achieved more than 9996 and up to 99.8% of the implied photogenerated current density based on the theoretical 4n(2) classical absorption limit. successful implementation of our maskless and metal-free light-trapping scheme in crystalline silicon solar cells requires the adequate surface passivation of the front nanotexture. for this purpose we used thermal silicon oxide, but we discuss also the usage of aluminum oxide. our findings, applied in a solar device structure where front side losses are minimized, open the way for the realization of next-generation high-efficiency, cost-effective, and ultrathin crystalline silicon solar cells.

Paper 209
Title: optimization of etching time for enhanced broadband absorption in flexible black silicon on stainless steel foil
Abstract: this paper presents optimization of etching time in metal-assisted chemical etching (mace) process for enhanced broadband absorption in flexible black silicon (b-si) on stainless steel (ss) foil. flexible monocrystalline silicon (mono c-si) wafers with 65 mu m thickness are used in this work. for the optimization of etching time, one-step mace process is utilized with 10-25 min etching to fabricate the b-si absorber. the ss foil beneath the b-si also acts as a back reflector (br) which ensures zero transmission loss in the long wavelength region (above 800 nm). after 20 min etching, b-si with average nanowires (nws) length of 982 nm is formed. this condition exhibits the lowest average weighted reflection (awr) and the highest broadband light absorption in the b-si within 300-1100 nm wavelength region, owing to refractive index grading effect at the air/b-si interface. this corresponds to the maximum potential short-circuit density (j(sc) ((max))) of 39.3 ma/cm(2), or 62.4 % enhancement when compared to the planar c-si reference. the findings demonstrate the potential of flexible b-si on ss foil to deliver high photocurrent in the future solar cells.

Paper 210
Title: formation of nanotextured surfaces on microtextured si solar cells by metal-assisted chemical etching process
Abstract: we investigated a nanotexturization process on the microtextured surface of monocrystalline si solar cells which utilized a metal assisted chemical etching process. p-type si solar cell wafers were used for nanotexturing followed by saw damage removal and a microtexturing process. as the nanotexturing time was increased, green and red-orange photoluminescence spectra at wavelengths of 506, 507, and 637 nm were observed from the nanotextured cells, indicating that the quantum size effect caused the confinement of charge carriers in nanocrystalline silicon. the nanotextured cells showed a low photoreflectance of 4.5% in the visible spectral region of 400-600 nm. however, the reduced quantum efficiency from the nanotextured samples suggests that a shallow nanopore depth and density are required to prevent surface-related phenomena of charge recombination and surface current leakage.

Paper 211
Title: enhancing upconversion emission of er, yb co-doped highly transparent yf3 films by synergistic tuning nano-textured morphology and crystallinity
Abstract: highly transparent er, yb codoped yf3 upconversion films were successfully prepared by electron beam deposition method. the effects of the substrate temperature on the morphology, crystallinity and emission characteristics of er, yb codoped yf3 films were studied carefully. it was found that the morphology and crystallinity varied from smooth amorphous to root intertwined polycrystalline structure with the substrate temperature increase. besides, the emission characteristics of the films can be modulated by the synergy of their surface morphologies and crystallinities. remarkably, a large enhancement of the upconversion emission, up to five decades while only an insignificant decrease of the optical transmittance (10% at most), was achieved by forming root-intertvvined polycrystalline structures. these highly transparent upconversion films may have good potential for enhancing the conversion efficiency of wide band gap solar cells. (c) 2013 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 212
Title: one-step-mace nano/microstructures for high-efficient large-size multicrystalline si solar cells
Abstract: we have employed a one-step (direct etching) metal-assisted chemical etching (mace) technique to grow large-area si nanostructures with smoother surface morphology and much less porous si (ps) defects than those under the two-step (depositing and etching) mace. a 17.63%-efficiency of the nano/microstructures (n/m-strus) based multicrystalline si (mc-si) solar cells has firstly surpassed that (17.45%) of traditional-micro-textured one with a standard solar wafer size of 156 x 156 mm(2). the key to success lies in the reduction of electrical loss by removing ps defects and employing shorter one-step-mace-smoothened n/m-strus, together with the optical gain from the combined antireflection of mc-si n/m-strus and sinx:h thin films. the present work opens a way to the mass production of high efficient si nanostructures based solar cells with a less-process-step and lower-cost approach. (c) 2015 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 213
Title: optical properties of black silicon with precipitated silver and gold nanoparticles
Abstract: black porous silicon is a new material with low light reflectance and high light absorbance values. black porous silicon layers are especially useful and important in solar energy conversion. in this work black porous silicon plates were prepared by wet chemical metal-assisted method. silver and gold nanoparticles were precipitated from colloidal silver nitrate and chloroauric acid solutions. obtained black porous silicon samples with precipitated nanoparticles were investigated by scanning electron microscope combined with energy dispersive x-ray spectrometer, ultraviolet and visible light spectrometer, the fourier transformation infrared spectrometer. scanning electron microscopy and energy dispersive x-ray analysis have revealed the presence of silver and gold nanoparticles on black porous silicon surface. silver nanoparticles size varied from 30 to 100 nm, gold - from 20 to 70 nm. during uv-vis analysis significant changes in reflectance of processed black porous silicon samples were obtained. reflectance of black porous silicon samples was lower than 10%. the fourier transform infrared analysis has revealed decrease in reflectance in far infrared region. changes in the fourier transform infrared spectra in "finger-print" zone prove modification of the surface of black porous silicon layers after precipitation of metal nanoparticles.

Paper 214
Title: ultra-low reflective black silicon photovoltaics by high density inductively coupled plasmas
Abstract: photovoltaics (pv) as a renewable source of energy has received renewed interest in the immediate provision of sustainable energy to meet market demand in recent years. a key challenge in clean energy research is to ensure that the technology not only provides a sustainable energy source during device operation, but is also environmentally sustainable during the manufacturing phase of the device lifecycle. plasma sources have been conventionally employed in numerous surface nucleation and nanostructure growth processes due to highly controllable process parameters that enable precise control of material properties at the nanoscale. however, these processes usually employ toxic feedstock as a means to obtain favourable pv characteristics, such as nanotexturing. in this work, an inductively coupled plasma (icp) system in a cascading cluster configuration setup was employed for fabrication of highly efficient nanotextured pv cells. a 2-step process was developed to use a high density n-2 discharge for high density plasma immersion ion implantation (hd-piii) in group v doping of c-si samples for high quality junction formation. subsequently, an ar + h-2 discharge was utilized for the simultaneous nanotexturing of the surface as well as passivation of surface defects through intense hydrogenation from the plasma generated radical flux. the resulting black silicon (b-si) pv cells fabricated through this process typically have ultra-low reflectance of < 1.8%, v-oc, of similar to 540 mv, and j(sc) of similar to 24 ma x cm(-2). in-situ plasma diagnostics were also performed to enable a truly deterministic method for obtaining optimal material properties based on plasma parameters instead of process parameters, which may vary for different reactor geometries.

Paper 215
Title: a promising two-dimensional solar cell donor: black arsenic-phosphorus monolayer with 1.54 ev direct bandgap and mobility exceeding 14,000 cm(2) v-1 s(-1)
Abstract: excitonic solar cells (xscs) have attracted tremendous attentions due to their high solar-to-electric power conversion efficiency (pce). however, to further improve the pce of xsc, finding an efficient donor material with both suitable direct bandgap and high carrier mobility is still a great challenge. here, we report a black arsenic-phosphorus monolayer as highly efficient donor for xscs based on first-principle calculations. firstly, monolayer arsenic-phosphorus polymorphs with alpha, beta, gamma, delta, and epsilon phases were built, among which alpha-asp and beta-asp have been verified to be thermodynamically stable. significantly, monolayer alpha-asp possesses a direct bandgap with energy of 1.54 ev, which covers the main energy of solar spectrum. moreover, its electronic mobility is as high as 14,380 cm(2) v-1 s(-1), which is much higher than silicon. these two crucial merits made it a promising candidate as donor materials for xsc device and the theoretical simulations demonstrate a maximum pce of 22.1% for the primarily designed alpha-asp/gan xsc. interestingly, the suitable electronic structure of oc-asp enables a formation of perfect type-ii semiconductor heterojunction with gan, which will boost the separation and transport of photo generated carriers with the assistance of built-in field and high mobility. particularly, alpha phase few-layer material of arsenic-phosphorus alloy has been experimentally synthesized recently, which paves the way for experimental realization of black arsenic-phosphorus monolayer donor. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.

Paper 216
Title: sio2 antireflection coatings fabricated by electron-beam evaporation for black monocrystalline silicon solar cells
Abstract: in this work we prepared double-layer antireflection coatings (darc) by using the sio2/sinx:h heterostructure design. sio2 thin films were deposited by electron-beam evaporation on the conventional solar cell with sinx:h single-layer antireflection coatings (sarc), while to avoid the coverage of sio2 on the front side busbars, a steel mask was utilized as the shelter. the thickness of the sinx:h as bottom layer was fixed at 80 nm, and the varied thicknesses of the sio2 as top layer were 105 nm and 122 nm. the results show that the sio2/sinx:h darc have a much lower reflectance and higher external quantum efficiency (eqe) in short wavelengths compared with the sinx:h sarc. a higher energy conversion efficiency of 17.80% was obtained for solar cells with sio2 (105 nm)/sinx:h (80 nm) darc, an absolute conversion efficiency increase of 0.32% compared with the conventional single sinx:h-coated cells.

Paper 217
Title: low-ohmic contacting of laser-doped p-type silicon surfaces with pure ag screen-printed and fired contacts
Abstract: the state-of-the-art low-ohmic electrical contacting of highly boron-doped silicon surfaces is based on the use of screen-printed and fired silver-aluminum (ag-al) contacts. for these contacts, metal crystallites with depths of up to a few microns are observed at the interface. for screen-printed and fired ag contacts on phosphorus-doped surfaces, the observed crystallite depths are much smaller. in this work, low-ohmic electrical contacting of local laser-doped p-type silicon surfaces with commercial pure ag screen-printing paste are demonstrated. the doping layer is based on the ppassdop approach, which serves as a passivation layer on the rear side of p-type silicon solar cells. the specific contact resistances are measured down to 1mcm(2) for p-type doping densities of about 3x10(19)cm(-3) at the silicon surface and finger widths of around 55m. microstructure analysis reveals the formation of numerous small ag crystallites at the interface with penetration depths of less than 80nm. a first implementation of the ppassdop approach on 6-inch p-type cz-si bifacial solar cells using solely ag contacts on both sides results in a peak front side energy conversion efficiency of 19.1%, measured on a black chuck with contact bars on both sides.

Paper 218
Title: black phosphorus induced photo-doping for high-performance organic-silicon heterojunction photovoltaics
Abstract: in conventional crystalline silicon (si) homojunction solar cells, a strategy of doping by transporting phosphorus or boron impurities into si is commonly used to build ohmic contacts at rear electrodes. however, this technique involves an energy intensive, high temperature (similar to 800 degrees c) process and toxic doping materials. black phosphorus (bp) is a two-dimensional, narrow bandgap semiconductor with high carrier mobility that exhibits broad light harvesting properties. here, we place bp: zinc oxide (zno) composite films between si and aluminum (al) to improve their contact. once the bp harvests photons with energies below 1.1 ev from the crystalline si, the zno carrier concentration increases dramatically due to charge injection. this photo-induced doping results in a high carrier concentration in the zno film, mimicking the modulated doping technique used in semiconductor heterojunctions. we show that photo-induced carriers dramatically increase the conductivities of the bp-modified zno films, thus reducing the contact resistance between si and al. a photovoltaic power conversion efficiency of 15.2% is achieved in organic-si heterojunction solar cells that use a zno:bp layer. these findings demonstrate an effective way of improving si/metal contact via a simple, low temperature process.

Paper 219
Title: 18.78% hierarchical black silicon solar cells achieved with the balance of light-trapping and interfacial contact
Abstract: 18.78% efficiency of crystalline silicon (si) solar cells was achieved through introducing the combined nanopore/pyramid textures. these hierarchical structures possessed the ultra-low reflectivity with values <6% under the various illumination angles from 0 to 60 degrees, evidencing their remarkable omnidirectional light-trapping capability. although the greatly improved light-trapping effect of the hierarchical structures was demonstrated, we found that the increased formation durations of si nanopores led the substantial increase of photoluminescent characteristics that could limit the efficient separation of photogenerated carriers through charge recombination. moreover, the positive correlation in surface roughness of nanopore arrays with respect to the elongated etching durations was evidenced, and these issues could increase the series resistance of solar cells owing to poor interfacial contact between nanopores and front electrodes. thus, there existed the optimal combination between two-scale textures critically for both photonic and electrical management of cell design. by optimizing the etching durations for the controlled nanopore formation, the improved light-trapping characteristics and fairly unchanged contact resistance with front electrode was achieved, possessing the improved conversion efficiency with >0.58% of increased value beyond the typical microtexture-based solar cells.

Paper 220
Title: conformal transparent conducting oxides on black silicon
Abstract: black silicon with aspect ratios up to 10 and an average optical reflectance of only 2.5% over the whole absorbing spectral range is covered perfectly conformal with a transparent conductive oxide. the thin film is deposited by thermal atomic layer deposition (ald) and exhibits a resistivity of 1.1 omega cm. this concept promises a new design for an efficient heterojunction silicon solar cell.

Paper 221
Title: realization of high performance silicon nanowire based solar cells with large size
Abstract: we report the realization of high performance silicon nanowire (sinw) based solar cells with a conversion efficiency of 17.11% and a large size of 125 x 125 mm(2). the key factor for success lies in an efficient approach of dielectric passivation to greatly enhance the electrical properties while keeping the advantage of excellent light trapping of the sinw structure. the suppression of carrier recombination has been demonstrated through the combination of the sio2/sinx stack, which exhibits a good passivation effect on heavily doped sinws via reducing both the shockley-read-hall recombination and near surface auger recombination. we have examined in detail the effects of different passivations and sinw lengths on the effective minority carrier lifetime, reflectance and carrier recombination characteristics, as well as cell performance. the proposed passivation techniques can be easily adapted to conventional industrial manufacturing processes, providing a potential prospect of sinw based solar cells in mass production.

Paper 222
Title: morphologies and optical properties of black silicon by room temperature reactive ion etching
Abstract: black silicon (bs) nanostructures fabricated by reactive ion etching at room temperature (rt-rie) are presented. we discuss the influence of the plasma process parameters on the silicon etching and their influence on the shape of the nanostructures constituting the bs. furthermore, we study - both experimentally and using modeling by finite difference time domain (fdtd) method - how to increase absorptance in the visible and nir regions using light trapping effect based on a fine control of the bs morphology. absorptance higher than 99 % is reached with a strong angular acceptance. this paper proposes an optimized process to fabricate high aspect ratio and high absorptance bs using a room temperature process.

Paper 223
Title: improving efficiency of dye-sensitized solar cell by micro reflectors
Abstract: dye-sensitized solar cells (dssc) are 3rd generation solar cells that have a low manufacturing cost that is 1/3 to 1/5 that of a conventional silicon solar cells, and accordingly, dssc is currently being developed around the globe. in this study, we investigated a reflector that can recover light that is lost in order to improve the conversion efficiency of dsscs. the angle of the reflector was determined by using an optical analysis program. micro pyramid patterns at an angle of 112.6 degrees were fabricated using an ultra-precise shaping machine, and these structures maximize conversion efficiency by increasing the light distance. a comparative study was carried with respect to the conversion efficiency we build a dssc attached to a reflector with a mirror angle of 112.6 degrees and measured the conversion efficiency of solar cell by using a solar simulator that can irradiate 100 mw/cm(2) (1sum, am 1.5). the results of the experiment indicate that the dssc with the micro pyramid mirror exhibits an efficiency that is about 2% better than that of a dssc with a black plate. the reflected light can cross more of the dye in the tio2 layer therefore, the voltage at maximum power (vmp) is greater than that of other reflectors with a different mirror angle.

Paper 224
Title: toward a planar black silicon technology for 50 mu m-thin crystalline silicon solar cells
Abstract: auger and surface recombinations are major drawbacks that deteriorate a photon-to-electron conversion efficiencies in nanostructured (ns) si solar cells. as an alternative to conventional frontside nanostructuring, we report how backside nanostructuring is beneficial for carrier collection during photovoltaic operation that utilizes a 50-mu m-thin wafer. ultrathin (4.3-nm-thin) zinc oxide was also effective for providing passivated tunneling contacts at the nanostructured backsides, which led to the enhancement of 24% in power conversion efficiency. (c) 2016 optical society of america

Paper 225
Title: a theoretical study on the optical properties of black silicon
Abstract: there is a wide application prospect in black silicon, especially in solar cells and photoelectric detectors. for further optimization of black silicon, it is important to study its optical properties. especially, the influence of the surface nanostructures on these properties and the light propagation within the nanostructures are relevant. in this paper, two kinds of black silicon models are studied via the finite differences time domain method. the simulated reflectance spectra matches well with the measured curve. also, the light intensity distribution within the nanostructures shows that near 80% of the incident light are redirected and subjected to internal reflection, which provides powerful support for the good light trapping properties of black silicon. (c) 2018 author(s).

Paper 226
Title: excellent antireflection properties of vertical silicon nanowire arrays
Abstract: we report a simple approach to prepare cost effective antireflective surface directly on silicon wafers, which consists of arrays of vertically aligned silicon nanowires (va-sinwa). large area va-sinwa were realized by silver induced wet chemical etching of p-silicon (1 0 0) substrates in aqueous hf and agno3 solution at room temperature. length of si wires (diameter in 50-300 nm range) was found to increase linearly with etching time (0-120 min). a remarkable reduction in reflectivity (r-lambda) for surfaces with si wires was observed. the value of r-lambda less than 2% was realized in the 300-600 nm wavelength range in the case of similar to 12 mu m long si wires, a value better than the best r-lambda reported in anisotropically textured surface or single layer antireflection coatings. the va-sinwa behaves as a subwavelength structured surface that could suppress the reflectivity to a great extent. such surfaces may have potential applications as antireflection surface for silicon solar cells. (c) 2010 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 227
Title: optimization of etching time for broadband absorption enhancement in black silicon fabricated by one-step electroless silver-assisted wet chemical etching
Abstract: we report optimization of etching time for enhanced broadband light absorption in black silicon (b-si) fabricated by one-step electroless silver-assisted wet chemical etching in aqueous solution of hf:agno3. surface morphological characterization confirms presence of b-si nanowires with heights of 2.0-2.9 mu m with an average diameter of about 100 nm. the b-si nanowires show excellent suppression of weighted average reflectance (war) in the 300-1100 nm wavelength region. after 80 s etching, b-si nanowires with height of 2.9 mu m lead to war of 6%. this results in absorption of 94% at wavelength of 600 nm. the enhanced broadband light absorption results in a maximum potential short-circuit current density (j(sc(max))) of up to 39.2 ma/cm(2), or 49% enhancement compared to c-si reference. the optimized broadband absorption is crucial to realize high-efficiency c-si solar cells.

Paper 228
Title: effective way to realize optimized carrier recombination and electrode contact for excellent electrical performance silicon nanostructure based solar cells
Abstract: silicon nanostructures promise to reduce light loss and increase the power conversion efficiency of photovoltaic devices. so far, however, solar cells based on nanostructured silicon exhibit lower power conversion efficiency than conventional solar cells due to the enhanced surface recombination associated with the nanostructures and poor front electrode contact. here, we report a simple and effective way to modify silicon nanostructures grown on pyramid-structure surface by using ammonium hydroxide (nh4oh) and hydrogen peroxide (h2o2) solution. through the process, silicon nanostructures are etched off at the peaks of pyramid-structures, thus the coverage rate of nanostructures on pyramids declines to 0.3. the surface modification dramatically suppresses the carrier recombination and the effective minority carrier lifetime is improved from 10.1 to 26.0 mu s, thus the resulted open current circuit voltage (v-oc) increases from 595 to 602 mv. the decrease of coverage rate of nanostructures reduces contact area between metal electrodes and nanostructured surface and the front electrode contact improves, thus the contact resistivity declines from 4.107 x 10(-4) to 7.805 x 10(-5) omega/cm(2) and series resistance declines from 0.63 to 0.46 omega. although the average reflectance in the visible spectrum region increases about 2 % after the treatment, combining of these aspects, the reformed solar cells show higher conversion efficiency than conventional nanostructured silicon solar cells.

Paper 229
Title: optical properties of black silicon: an analysis
Abstract: silicon (si) continues to be the dominant semiconducting material used in photovoltaic technology for the manufacture of solar cells. si, an indirect band gap semiconducting material, has a reflectance of about 30% in the visible range of wavelengths. standard si solar cells are not entirely useful in the infrared spectrum region. in order to enhance the performance of silicon solar cells, reflectance losses must be minimized and absorption must be maximized. in the solar cell industry, anti-reflection (ar) coating is used to suppress reflection losses. ar coatings are limited in use because they only reduce the reflectance for a narrow range of wavelengths and incident angle since their functionality is based on a quarter-wavelength coating. surface texturing is a technique, by which the reflectivity is reduced in a wide range of wavelengths. black silicon (b-si) is a material with surface roughness in the micron scale. b-si, when used instead of crystalline si (c-si), offers the possibility to increase the absorption of light in the visible and infrared range of wavelengths. b-si has a very low reflectivity in the visible range of wavelengths. it exhibits high absorptance in the visible and infrared region. the main objective of this paper is to study the optical properties of b-si by simulation and compare them with the simulated and experimental optical properties of b-si and c-si.

Paper 230
Title: lithography-free sub-100 nm nanocone array antireflection layer for low-cost silicon solar cell
Abstract: a high-density and -uniformity sub-100 nm surface-oxidized silicon nanocone forest structure is created and integrated onto the existing texturization microstructures on a photovoltaic device surface by a one-step high-throughput plasma-enhanced texturization method. we suppressed the broadband optical reflection on chemically textured grade-b silicon solar cells for up to 70.25% through this nanomanufacturing method. the performance of the solar cell is improved with the short-circuit current increased by 7.1%, fill factor increased by 7.0%, and conversion efficiency increased by 14.66%. our method demonstrates the potential to improve the photovoltaic device performance with low-cost and high-throughput nanomanufacturing technology. (c) 2012 optical society of america

Paper 231
Title: controlled faceting and morphology for light trapping in aluminum-catalyzed silicon nanostructures
Abstract: aluminum-catalyzed silicon nanopyramids grown using low-pressure chemical vapor deposition (lpcvd) are presented as an approach to silicon surface texturing. the nanopyramids are grown by vapor-liquid-solid growth using aluminum thin films on silicon. silicon nanowires with hexagonal cross sections are formed at a growth temperature of 650 degrees c; as the temperature is increased to 700 degrees c, the wires become pyramid-shaped with triangular cross-sections. the silicon nanopyramids are single crystal and grow in the < 111 > direction with (112) facets, as confirmed by transmission electron microscopy. pyramid tapering increases with increasing growth temperatures and the pyramid arrays grown at 700 c show refiectivities between 4 and 6% between 400 nm and 800 nm and appear black to the eye. based on these results, aluminum-catalyzed nanopyramids present themselves as a plausible alternative to etch-based silicon surface textures. (c) 2016 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 232
Title: low surface damage dry etched black silicon
Abstract: black silicon (bsi) is promising for integration into silicon solar cell fabrication flow due to its excellent light trapping and low reflectance, and a continuously improving passivation. however, intensive ion bombardment during the reactive ion etching used to fabricate bsi induces surface damage that causes significant recombination. here, we present a process optimization strategy for bsi, where surface damage is reduced and surface passivation is improved while excellent light trapping and low reflectance are maintained. we demonstrate that reduction of the capacitively coupled plasma power, during reactive ion etching at non-cryogenic temperature (-20 degrees c), preserves the reflectivity below 1% and improves the effective minority carrier lifetime due to reduced ion energy. we investigate the effect of the etching process on the surface morphology, light trapping, reflectance, transmittance, and effective lifetime of bsi. additional surface passivation using atomic layer deposition of al2o3 significantly improves the effective lifetime. for n-type wafers, the lifetime reaches 12 ms for polished and 7.5 ms for bsi surfaces. for p-type wafers, the lifetime reaches 800 mu s for both polished and bsi surfaces. published by aip publishing.

Paper 233
Title: minimization of reflection-loss from etched nano-structures of silicon crystal wafers
Abstract: significant reduction in reflection loss from crystalline silicon absorber layer is an urgent requirement for increasing the efficiency of solar cells. present research targets on producing almost black-si by h-2-plasma etching of the c-si wafers, using planar inductively-coupled plasma-cvd. it is demonstrated that lower gas pressure in the plasma promotes efficient etching of c-si surface. plasma etching at 30 mtorr and 200 degrees c produces, high-density, homogeneous and uniform pyramid-like si-nanostructures with dimension similar to 40-200 nm which closely satisfies the anti-reflection coating (arc) requirement. an extremely low reflection (similar to 0.13%) from such optimally etched silicon nanostructures appears most useful for photovoltaic applications. (c) 2019 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.

Paper 234
Title: the influence of ag-ion concentration on the performance of me-si silicon solar cells textured by metal assisted chemical etching (mace) method
Abstract: as diamond wire sawn (dws) technique for multi-crystalline si (mc-si) becomes mainstream wafering technology in si-based photovoltaic industry, metal assisted chemical etching (mace) method will become a key technique to improve conversion efficiency. due to the intrinsic characteristic of ag nanoparticles precipitation reaction in solution in the first step of mace, a large number of deep nanopores are produced on the surface of me-si wafer in the following etching step. the deep nanopores can lead to the degradation of me-si solar cell's performances. thus, the influences of ag-ion concentration in the first step of mace on the solar cell's performances was carefully studied. it's found that with the increasing of ag-ion concentration, the light trapping capabilities keeps improving. however, the solar cell's electric performances deteriorate dramatically when ag-ion concentration reaches to a certain value. optical and electrical simulation is performed to explain the influences of deep nanopores on the me-si solar cell's performances. it is found that there is an optimum ag-ion concentration value to enhance the me-si solar cell's performances, and an efficiency of 18.94% is obtained for large size of 156.75 x 156.75 mm(2) wafer. an absolute efficiency of 0.5% was improved as compared to the conventional acidic textured dws me-si solar cell. it shows the necessity of controlling the ag-ion concentration in the manufacture of black silicon.

Paper 235
Title: room-temperature processed, air-stable and highly efficient graphene/silicon solar cells with an organic interlayer
Abstract: graphene/silicon (gr/si) solar cells have attracted interest for their potential in low-cost photovoltaic applications. inserting a p-type organic hole transporting layer (htl) in-between the gr and si would suppress carrier recombination and improve the performance of the solar cells. here, we report highly stable and high-performance gr/si solar cells fabricated by using a room-temperature process. spiro-ometad was selected as the htl for its novel electrical and optical properties. the employment of spiro-ometad led to an impressive power conversion efficiency (pce) of 13.02%. moreover, our solar cells exhibit excellent stability with a pce of similar to 11% for over four months. these results could be encouraging for the development of gr/si solar cells toward practical applications. meanwhile, this work offers a universal solution for the application of organics in gr-based optoelectronics and photovoltaics from the viewpoint of device robustness.

Paper 236
Title: properties of black silicon obtained at room-temperature by different plasma modes
Abstract: black silicon plasma technology begins to be integrated into the process flow of silicon solar cells. however, most of the current technology is used at cryogenic or very low substrate temperatures. here, the authors investigate the temperature-dependent properties of black silicon prepared by two different plasma etching techniques for black silicon, a pure capacitively coupled process (ccp), and an inductively and capacitively coupled process (icp+ccp). it turns out that the icp+ccp process at room-temperature yields black silicon samples with 93% absorption and minority carrier lifetime above 1 ms. the authors show that these optoelectronic properties are comparable to samples obtained at low temperatures. (c) 2015 american vacuum society.

Paper 237
Title: black-silicon production process by cf4/h-2 plasma
Abstract: nanoscale structures in silicon have been produced by means of a maskless plasma process that employs tetrafluoromethane and hydrogen. the influence of the radio-frequency power and process time on the surface texturing was studied. desirable texturing effect has been achieved by applying an rf power in the range of 200280 w and process time in the range of 20-30 min. the textured surface is characterized by nanopillars with lateral dimensions ranging from 50 to 300 nm and with a depth in the 100-300 nm range. depending on process parameters in the plasma etching recipe, the optical reflectance of the silicon surface is lowered and r < 5% is reached in the range going from the visible to the near-ir region. (c) 2016 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 238
Title: si/pedot: pss hybrid solar cells with advanced antireflection and back surface field designs
Abstract: molybdenum oxide (moo3) is one of most suitable antireflection (ar) layers for silicon/poly(3,4-ethylenedioxythiophene): poly(styrenesulfonate) (si/pedot: pss) hybrid solar cells due to its well-matched refractive index (2.1). a simulation model was employed to predict the optical characteristics of si/pedot: pss hybrid solar cells with the moo3 layers as antireflection coatings (arcs), as well as to analyze the loss in current density. by adding an optimum thickness of a 34-nm-thick arc of moo3 on the front side and an effective rear back surface field (bsf) of phosphorus-diffused n+ layer at the rear side, the hybrid cells displayed higher light response in the visible and near infrared regions, boosting a short-circuit current density (j(sc)) up to 28.7ma/cm(2). the average power conversion efficiency (pce) of the si/pedot: pss hybrid solar cells was thus increased up to 11.90 %, greater than the value of 9.23 % for the reference devices.

Paper 239
Title: a metal-free additive texturization method used for diamond-wire-sawn multi-crystalline silicon wafers
Abstract: diamond-wire-sawn (dws) technique has been widely applied in pv industry. however, this technique still has a big challenge when it is used for multi-crystalline silicon (mc-si) because its reflectivity of dws mc-si etched by the conventional acid etching solution (hf/hno3/h2o system) is quite higher. this paper proposes a metal-free additive texturization method, in which polyethylene glycol (peg) is added to the hf/hno3/h2o system to reduce the reaction rate of silicon wafers and improve the wettability of the etching liquid and the surface of mc-si wafers. the etching points will gradually turn into nanopores instead of worm-like structures due to low reaction rates. those nanopores form a gradually changed refractive index between silicon and air, which immensely reduces the surface reflectivity of mc-si wafers. the mc-si wafers processed in the experiment have an average surface reflectivity of about 16.9% in the wavelength range of 300-1100 nm, which is generally lower than the mc-si wafers etched by the conventional acid etching process. this technical route has been applied to fabricate the 156 mm x 156 mm dws mc-si solar cells, and finally, the conversion efficiency of 19.39% has been obtained. moreover, this approach matches well with the current pv industrial processes, showing a promising prospect.

