Paper 1
Title: metal-assisted nano-textured solar cells with sio2/si3n4 passivation
Abstract: we demonstrate the fabrication of nano-sized surface textured crystalline silicon by a metal-assisted electroless etching method with nitric acid added as the hole injection agent. this method generates randomly shaped cone-like structures that offer a clear advantage over nanowires by enabling straightforward passivation with standard techniques. average reflection values as low as 3% have been achieved. optimizing the thickness of anti-reflective coatings, the doping depth and the screen-printed metal firing process increases the short circuit current of the cell by 0.82 ma/cm(2) over the reference cells, which had a pyramidal texture without nano texturing.

Paper 2
Title: surface passivation of nano-textured silicon solar cells by atomic layer deposited al2o3 films
Abstract: in the work, the surface recombination of silicon nanostructures was investigated. silicon nanostructures were synthesized using technique of silver catalyzed chemical wet etching, and the passivation layers of sinx and al2o3 were deposited on the samples. the thermal atomic layer deposited al2o3 can conformally cover the rough surface and reduce the defect density of the nanostructures. moreover, the negative fixed charge in al2o3 layer introduces the surface field effect passivation. the lifetime measurement result indicates that al2o3 layers offer much better passivation effect on the silicon nanostructure surface than sinx layers. the silicon nano-textured solar cells with sinx and al2o3 passivation layers were manufactured and measured. the results show that the enhanced solar cell performance was achieved by al2o3 passivation. (c) 2013 aip publishing llc.

Paper 3
Title: thermal atomic layer deposition of aloxny thin films for surface passivation of nano-textured flexible silicon
Abstract: aluminum oxynitride (aloxny) films with different nitrogen concentration are prepared by thermal atomic layer deposition (ald) for flexible nano-textured silicon (nt-si) surface passivation. the aloxny films are shown to exhibit a homogeneous nitrogen-doping profile and the presence of an adequate amount of hydrogen, which is investigated by time-of-fight elastic recoil detection analysis (tof-erda). the effective minority carrier lifetimes are measured after the nt-si surface passivation; the minimum surface recombination velocity (srv) of 5 cm-s(-1) is achieved with the aloxny film in comparison to the al2o3 and aln films (srv of 7-9 cm-s(-1)). the better srv with aloxny film is due to the collective effect of field-effect passivation by the presence of fixed negative charges, and chemical passivation by the presence of hydrogen within the film. the capacitance-voltage, and conductance measurements also are carried out using metal-oxide-semiconductor structure to determine the fixed negative charge density (n-i,n-ox), and defect density of states (d-it) in the aloxny films. the better surface passivation is attributed to unusually large n-i,n-ox of similar to 6.07 x 10(12) cm(-2), and minimal d-it of similar to 1.01 x 10(11) cm(-2)-ev(-1) owing to the saturation of si dangling bonds by the hydrogen within the aloxny film matrix after the annealing step.

Paper 4
Title: research on surface nano-texturation and wet-chemical passivation of multi-crystalline silicon wafer
Abstract: surfaces nano-texturing has triggered off much attention for trapping sunlight to improve the efficiency of solar cells. silicon nanowire (sinws) arrays, with excellent antireflection performance, will hopefully improve photoelectric conversion of solar cells, however, the deteriorated effective carrier lifetime seriously limits efficiency enhancement of solar devices. until now, the effect of sinws structure on effective carrier lifetime remains unexplored. herein, the effects of fabrication parameters on the morphology structure and effective carrier lifetime of textured mc-si were studied in detail. we also firstly discover that the relationship of sinws arrays length and effective carrier lifetime shows the negative exponential relation. moreover, the effects of ethanolic iodine (i-e) concentration, immersion time, and surface pre-conditioning (with and without native oxide) on surface passivation of sinws arrays were investigated. it is found that more effective surface passivation could be achieved for the sinws arrays with shorter length. meanwhile, the hf dipping pretreatment is conducive for sinws passivation, and which is attributed to si-h (x) termination with lower dissociation energy.

Paper 5
Title: long-term stability of al2o3 passivated black silicon
Abstract: in this work we report on the long-term stability of black silicon surfaces passivated with atomic layer deposited (ald) 20 nm thick al2o3 films on p- and n-type fz c-si substrates. the results are directly compared with random pyramid textured counterparts. the effective surface recombination velocity s-eff has been measured within a time frame of one year after activation of surface passivation. the results demonstrate that after an initial slight degradation during the first month s-eff values stabilize around 45 and 25 cm/s on p- and n-type black silicon samples, respectively. these values are enough to guarantee stable high efficiency in interdigitated back-contacted (ibc) c-si(n) solar cells (> 24.5%) using black silicon nanostructures on the front side. similar, although weaker, losses are also observed in surface passivation on textured samples covered by al2o3 with equal thickness, indicating that the origin of the instability might be independent of surface morphology. (c) 2016 the authors. published by elsevier ltd.

Paper 6
Title: passivation of all-angle black surfaces for silicon solar cells
Abstract: optical losses at the front surface of a silicon solar cell have a significant impact on efficiency, and as such, efforts to reduce reflection are necessary. in this work, a method to fabricate and passivate nanowire-pyramid hybrid structures formed on a silicon surface via wet chemical processing is presented. these high surface area structures can be utilised on the front surface of back contact silicon solar cells to maximise light absorption therein. hemispherical reflectivity under varying incident angles is measured to study the optical enhancement conferred by these structures. the significant reduction in reflectivity ( < 2%) under low incident angles is maintained at high angles by the hybrid textured surface compared to surfaces textured with nanowires or pyramids alone. finite difference time domain simulations of these dual micro-nanoscale surfaces under varying angles support the experimental results. in order to translate the optical benefit of these high surface area structures into improvements in device efficiency, they must also be well passivated. to this end, atomic layer deposition of alumina is used to reduce surface recombination velocities of these ultra-black silicon surfaces to below 30 cm/s. a decomposition of the passivation components is performed using capacitance voltage and kelvin probe measurements. finally, device simulations show power conversion efficiencies exceeding 21% are possible when using these ultra-black si surfaces for the front surface of back contact silicon solar cells.

Paper 7
Title: nanostructure formation and passivation of large-area black silicon for solar cell applications
Abstract: nanoscale textured silicon and its passivation are explored by simple low-cost metal-assisted chemical etching and thermal oxidation, and large-area black silicon was fabricated both on single-crystalline si and multicrystalline si for solar cell applications. when the si surface was etched by hf/agno3 solution for 4 or 5 min, nanopores formed in the si surface, 50100 nm in diameter and 200300 nm deep. the nanoscale textured silicon surface turns into an effective medium with a gradually varying refractive index, which leads to the low reflectivity and black appearance of the samples. mean reflectance was reduced to as low as 2% for crystalline si and 4% for multicrystalline si from 300 to 1000 nm, with no antireflective (ar) coating. a black-etched multicrystalline-si of 156 mm x 156 mm was used to fabricate a primary solar cell with no surface passivation or ar coating. its conversion efficiency (?) was 11.5%. the cell conversion efficiency was increased greatly by using surface passivation process, which proved very useful in suppressing excess carrier recombination on the nanostructured surface. finally, a black m-si cell with efficiency of 15.8% was achieved by using sio2 and sinx bilayer passivation structure, indicating that passivation plays a key role in large-scale manufacture of black silicon solar cells.

Paper 8
Title: surface passivation of efficient nanotextured black silicon solar cells using thermal atomic layer deposition
Abstract: efficient nanotextured black silicon solar cells passivated by an al2o3 layer are demonstrated. the broadband antireflection of the nanotextured black silicon solar cells was provided by fabricating vertically aligned silicon nanowire (sinw) arrays on the n(+) emitter. a highly conformal al2o3 layer was deposited upon the sinw arrays by the thermal atomic layer deposition (ald) based on the multiple pulses scheme. the nanotextured black silicon wafer covered with the al2o3 layer exhibited a low total reflectance of similar to 1.5% in a broad spectrum from 400 to 800 nm. the al2o3 passivation layer also contributes to the suppressed surface recombination, which was explored in terms of the chemical and field-effect passivation effects. an 8% increment of short-circuit current density and 10.3% enhancement of efficiency were achieved due to the ald al2o3 surface passivation and forming gas annealing. a high efficiency up to 18.2% was realized in the ald al2o3-passivated nanotextured black silicon solar cells.

Paper 9
Title: performance investigation of black silicon solar cells with surface passivated by bifeo3/ito composite film
Abstract: in order to prepare black silicon material with excellent optical absorption performance for solar cell application, a micro/nano bilayer-structure is formed on the surface of textured silicon wafer by a silver assisted chemical etching method. it is found that the deeper nanoholes could form as the etching time is longer, and the surface reflectivity is reduced obviously due to the increased time of photon reflection from the nanowires. the incident light reflectivity of the prepared black silicon is significantly reduced to 2.3%, showing obviously better optical reflectance characteristics than general monocrystalline silicon wafer, especially in a wavelength range of 300-830 nm. considering the fact that a large number of carrier recombination centers is introduced into the nanostructured crystal silicon surface, bifeo3/ito composite film is coated on the surface of the black silicon solar cell by magnetron sputtering process to optimize the surface defect states and improve the cell performance. the experimental results show that the lengths of the nanowires are predominantly in a range of 180-320 nm for the prepared black silicon with micro/nano double-layer structure. the reflectivity of the incident light is below 5% in a wavelength range from 300 nm to 1000 nm, and reaches a maximal value at about 700 nm. the reflectance increases slightly as bifeo3/ito composite film is coated on the surface of black silicon solar cell, but it is still much lower than that of general monocrystalline silicon solar cell. the open circuit voltage and short circuit current density of the black silicon solar cell increase respectively from 0.61 v to 0.68 v and from 28.42 ma/cm(2) to 34.57 ma/cm(2) after it has been coated with bifeo3/ito composite film, and the photoelectric conversion efficiency of the cell increases from 13.3% to 16.8% accordingly. the improvement in performance of black silicon solar cell is mainly due to the promotion of effective separation of photogenerated carriers, thereby enhancing the spectral response of black silicon solar cell in the whole wavelength range. this indicates that the spontaneously polarized bifeo3 film can play a better role in improving the surface properties of black silicon solar cell. on the other hand, for the bifeo3 film deposited on the surface of black silicon, a spontaneous polarization positive electric field could be produced, pointing from the film surface to the inside of the solar cell. this polarization electric field could also act as part of built-in electric field to contribute the photoelectric transformation of the black silicon solar cell, leading to the open circuit voltage of cell increasing from 0.61 v to 0.68 v.

Paper 10
Title: analysis of the atomic layer deposited al2o3 field-effect passivation in black silicon
Abstract: we demonstrate that n-type black silicon can be passivated efficiently using atomic layer deposited (ald) al2o3, reaching maximum surface recombination velocities below 7 cm/s. we show that the low surface recombination velocity results from a higher sensitivity of the nanostructures to surface charge and from the absence of surface damage after black silicon etching. the surface recombination velocity is shown to be inversely proportional to the fourth power of the negative charge in contrast to the quadratic dependence observed in planar surfaces. this effect compensates the impact of the increased surface area in the nanostructures and extends the potential of black silicon for instance to n-type interdigitated back contact (ibc) cells. (c) 2015 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 11
Title: a new passivation scheme for the performance enhancement of black silicon solar cells
Abstract: it is well known that, in c-si solar cells, the surface treatments are very important and have great relevance in the final efficiency of the devices. black silicon solar cells are the terminology commonly used for solar cells with different grades of nanometric surface texturizations. in this work, we prepared silicon solar cells with a diverse grade of chemical surface treatment (alkaline etch and mace treatment), plasma annealing (ammonia and hydrogen) with silicon-rich silicon nitride as passivation and antireflection coating. spectral response, surface reflectance, and i-v measurements were carried out to obtain the final performance of the cell fabricated in the present work. from all the devices fabricated in the present work, the best results were obtained for the structure where the double stack layer (pm-si/sinx) was used as the passivation scheme, and plasma treatment was carried out in ammonia atmosphere as in comparison to existing conventional passivation schemes.

Paper 12
Title: economic advantages of dry-etched black silicon in passivated emitter rear cell (perc) photovoltaic manufacturing
Abstract: industrial czochralski silicon (cz-si) photovoltaic (pv) efficiencies have routinely reached >20% with the passivated emitter rear cell (perc) design. nanostructuring silicon (black-si) by dry-etching decreases surface reflectance, allows diamond saw wafering, enhances metal gettering, and may prevent power conversion efficiency degradation under light exposure. black-si allows a potential for >20% perc cells using cheaper multicrystalline silicon (mc-si) materials, although dry-etching is widely considered too expensive for industrial application. this study analyzes this economic potential by comparing costs of standard texturized cz-si and black mc-si perc cells. manufacturing sequences are divided into steps, and costs per unit power are individually calculated for all different steps. baseline costs for each step are calculated and a sensitivity analysis run for a theoretical 1 gw/year manufacturing plant, combining data from literature and industry. the results show an increase in the overall cell processing costs between 15.8% and 25.1% due to the combination of black-si etching and passivation by double-sided atomic layer deposition. despite this increase, the cost per unit power of the overall perc cell drops by 10.8%. this is a significant cost saving and thus energy policies are reviewed to overcome challenges to accelerating deployment of black mc-si perc across the pv industry.

Paper 13
Title: efficiency enhancement of nanotextured black silicon solar cells using al2o3/tio2 dual-layer passivation stack prepared by atomic layer deposition
Abstract: in this study, efficient nanotextured black silicon (nbsi) solar cells composed of silicon nanowire arrays and an al2o3/tio2 dual-layer passivation stack on the n(+) emitter were fabricated. the highly conformal al2o3 and tio2 surface passivation layers were deposited on the high-aspect-ratio surface of the nbsi wafers using atomic layer deposition. instead of the siligleal203 passivation layer with a negative oxide charge density, the al2o3/tio2 dual-layer passivation stack treated with forming gas annealing provides a high positive oxide charge density and a low interfacial state density, which are essential for the effective field effect and chemical passivation of the n+ emitter. in addition; the al2o3/tio2 dual-layer passivation stack suppresses the total reflectance over a broad range of wavelengths (4001000 nm). therefore, with the al2o3/tio2 dual-layer passivation stack, the short-circuit current density and efficiency of the nbsi solar cell were increased by 11% and 20%, respectively. in conclusion, a high efficiency of 18.5% was achieved with the nbsi solar cells by using the n(+) -emitter/p-base structure passivated with the al2o3/tio2 stack.

Paper 14
Title: nanostructured pyramidal black silicon with ultra-low reflectance and high passivation
Abstract: in this study, nanostructured pyramidal black silicon is prepared by metal assisted chemical etching method, in which the silver nitrate (agno3) is used as the metal catalyst. effects of the concentration of agno3 on passivation and optical properties of the black silicon are investigated. the experimental results show that at the agno3 concentration of 0.03 m, the nanostructure length is about 300 nm, and the reflectance of the black silicon with a stack of silicon nitride (sinx) and aluminum oxide (al2o3) is 0.8%, which is comparable to that of the conventional black silicon with micrometer-long nanowires. in addition, an acceptably low surface recombination rate of 42 cm/s can be obtained. plasma chemical vapor deposited sinx is deposited well on the top of nanostructures of black silicon, but shows poor coverage at the bottom region. spatial atomic layer deposited al2o3 can conformally cover the nanostructures with high passivation quality. simulation result indicates an improvement of 5.5% of conversion efficiency for the nanostructured pyramidal black silicon solar cell compared to industrial silicon solar cell. the short nanostructured pyramidal surface with low reflectance and high passivation is expected to be helpful for black silicon technology applied to photovoltaic applications. (c) 2020 the author(s). published by elsevier b.v. on behalf of king saud university.

Paper 15
Title: optimization of the surface structure on black silicon for surface passivation
Abstract: black silicon shows excellent anti-reflection and thus is extremely useful for photovoltaic applications. however, its high surface recombination velocity limits the efficiency of solar cells. in this paper, the effective minority carrier lifetime of black silicon is improved by optimizing metal-catalyzed chemical etching (mcce) method, using an al2o3 thin film deposited by atomic layer deposition (ald) as a passivation layer. using the spray method to eliminate the impact on the rear side, single-side black silicon was obtained on n-type solar grade silicon wafers. post-etch treatment with nh4oh/h2o2/h2o mixed solution not only smoothes the surface but also increases the effective minority lifetime from 161 mu s of as-prepared wafer to 333 mu s after cleaning. moreover, adding illumination during the etching process results in an improvement in both the numerical value and the uniformity of the effective minority carrier lifetime.

Paper 16
Title: passivation of optically black silicon by atomic layer deposited al2o3
Abstract: optically black silicon nanostructures show excellent anti-reflection and light trapping properties minimizing reflection losses to less than 1.6 % between 300-1100 nm. our light-trapping scheme enables an absorption enhancement factor of similar to 10 at the band edge of silicon (1150 nm) as compared to a simulated perfect arc, where the yablonovitch limit corresponds to a factor of 15. just recently it was shown that similar wet-chemically black etched silicon surfaces can be exploited to fabricate high efficiency solar cells [1]. towards the integration of our structures into a solar cell device, the passivation performance of atomic layer deposited thin al2o3 films is investigated on a variety of black etched structures. the coatings lead to measured surface recombination velocities of less than 13 cm/s on bifacially black structured as well as 12 cm/s on polished 1-5 omega cm p-type si cz wafers. thinner layers promise to be even more effective. this technology will enable high efficiencies on various solar cell concepts. (c) 2013 the authors. published by elsevier ltd.

Paper 17
Title: effective passivation of large area black silicon solar cells by sio2/sinx:h stacks
Abstract: the performance of black silicon solar cells with various passivation films was characterized. large area (156 x 156 mm(2)) black silicon was prepared by silver-nanoparticle-assisted etching on pyramidal silicon wafer. the conversion efficiency of black silicon solar cell without passivation is 13.8%. for the sio2 and sinx:h passivation, the conversion efficiency of black silicon solar cells increases to 16.1% and 16.5%, respectively. compared to the single film of surface passivation of black silicon solar cells, the sio2/sinx:h stacks exhibit the highest efficiency of 17.1%. the investigation of internal quantum efficiency (iqe) suggests that the sio2/sinx:h stacks films decrease the auger recombination through reducing the surface doping concentration and surface state density of the si/sio2 interface, and sinx:h layer suppresses the shockley-read-hall (srh) recombination in the black silicon solar cell, which yields the best electrical performance of b-si solar cells.

Paper 18
Title: surface nanocrystalline si structure and its surface passivation for highly efficient black si solar cells
Abstract: 19.5% conversion efficiency crystalline silicon (si) solar cells having simple structure without antireflection coating have been fabricated using the surface structure chemical transfer method which produces a nanocrystalline si layer simply by contacting catalytic platinum with si wafers in hydrogen peroxide plus hydrofluoric acid solutions. the reflectivity becomes less than 3% after the surface structure chemical transfer method due to formation of black si. deposition of phosphosilicate glass and heat treatment at 925 degrees c performed for formation of pn-junction effectively passivate the nanocrystalline si surface. with this phosphosilicate glass passivation plus the hydrogen treatment at 400 degrees c, the internal quantum efficiency is greatly improved and reaches 81% at a wavelength of 400nm. analysis of ellipsometry data shows that incident light with wavelength shorter than 400nm is almost completely absorbed by the nanocrystalline si layer. the high internal quantum efficiency for short wavelength light is attributed to effective surface passivation and the nanocrystalline si layer band-gap energy which decreases with the distance from the top of the network structure of the nanocrystalline si layer. copyright (c) 2017 john wiley & sons, ltd.

Paper 19
Title: surface passivation of black silicon phosphorus emitters with atomic layer deposited sio2/al2o3 stacks
Abstract: black silicon (b-si) is a promising surface structure for solar cells due to its low reflectance and excellent light trapping properties. while atomic layer deposited (ald) al2o3 has been shown to passivate efficiently lightly-doped b-si surfaces and boron emitters, the negative fixed charge characteristic of al2o3 thin films makes it unfavorable for the passivation of more commonly used n(+) emitters. this work studies the potential of ald sio2/al2o3 stacks for the passivation of b-si phosphorus emitters fabricated by an industrially viable pocl3 gas phase diffusion process. the stacks have positive charge density (q(tot) = 5.5.10(11) cm(-2)) combined with high quality interface (d-it = 2.0.10(11) cm(-2)ev(-1)) which is favorable for such heavily-doped n-type surfaces. indeed, a clear improvement in emitter saturation current density, j(0e), is achieved with the stacks compared to bare al2o3 in both b-si and planar emitters. however, although the positive charge density in the case of black silicon is even higher (q(tot) = 2.0.10(12) cm-2), the measured j(0e) is limited by the recombination in the emitter due to heavy doping of the nanostructures. the results thus imply that in order to obtain lower saturation current density on b-si, careful optimization of the black silicon emitter profile is needed. (c) 2017 the authors. published by elsevier ltd.

Paper 20
Title: impact of black silicon on light- and elevated temperature-induced degradation in industrial passivated emitter and rear cells
Abstract: light and elevated-temperature induced degradation (letid) is currently a severe issue in passivated emitter and rear cells (perc). in this work, we study the impact of surface texture, especially a black silicon (b-si) nanostructure, on letid in industrial p-type mc-si perc. our results show that during standard letid conditions the b-si cells with atomic-layer-deposited aluminum oxide (alox) front surface passivation show no degradation despite the presence of a hydrogen-rich alox/sinx passivation stack on the rear. furthermore, b-si solar cells passivated with silicon nitride (sinx) on the front lose only 1.5%(rel) of their initial power conversion efficiency, while the acidic-textured equivalents degrade by nearly 4%(rel) under the same conditions. correspondingly, clear degradation is visible in the internal quantum efficiency (iqe) of the acidic-textured cells, especially in the ~850 to 1100-nm wavelength range confirming that the degradation occurs in the bulk, while the iqe remains nearly unaffected in the b-si cells. the observations are supported by spatially resolved photoluminescence (pl) maps, which show a clear contrast in the degradation behavior of b-si and acidic-textured cells, especially in the case of sinx front surface passivation. the pl maps also suggest that the magnitude of letid scales with surface area of the texture, rather than wafer thickness that was recently reported, although the b-si cells are slightly thinner (140 vs 165 mu m). the results indicate that b-si has a positive impact on letid, and hence, benefits provided by b-si are not limited only to the excellent optical properties, as commonly understood.

Paper 21
Title: the passivation of al2o3 and its applications in the crystalline silicon solar cell
Abstract: the material characteristics and one of the preparation methods, atomic layer deposition of al2o3 are introduced. the passivation mechanisms (chemical passivation and field-effect passivation) of al2o3 films are demonstrated comprehensively, and optimization methods from the angles of film thickness, thermal stability and stack passivation are illuminated. the application of al2o3 passivation in the crystalline silicon solar cell is provided, including passivated emitter rear locally diffused cell and passivated emitter and rear cell. finally, the future study of the al2o3 passivation process and the application to industry production are proposed.

Paper 22
Title: passivation of phosphorus diffused black multi-crystalline silicon by hafnium oxide
Abstract: a key challenge for the success of the recent trend to adopt diamond wire sawing for multi-crystalline silicon wafers is the texturing and passivation of their surfaces. the various so-called black silicon texturing technologies show great promise in providing strong optical gains, but the nano-scale surface structures resulted from dry etching are challenging to passivate with the conventional plasma enhanced chemical vapor deposition of silicon nitride. in this work, a single layer of atomic layer deposited hafnium oxide, in combination with a short anneal, has been used to demonstrate not only low surface recombination on reactive ion etched and phosphorus diffused (90/) surfaces but also effective passivation of bulk defects in p-type 1.5cm multi-crystalline silicon wafers. a combination of photoluminescence imaging and quasi-steady state photoconductance measurements shows that the recombination via bulk defects such as grain boundaries is mitigated due to hydrogenation during rapid thermal annealing at mid to high temperatures in nitrogen. a further activation anneal at low temperature following hydrogenation improves the effective carrier lifetime by 40%. a recombination current density of j(0n+)=98fa cm(-2) per side at an injection level of n=10(15)cm(-3) has been obtained, which equates to an attainable 1-sun implied open circuit voltage of 691mv when bulk and rear surface recombination are excluded. these results prove that hafnium oxide offers a viable alternative for passivating the surface and the bulk of multi-crystalline silicon solar cells.

Paper 23
Title: passivation of black silicon boron emitters with atomic layer deposited aluminum oxide
Abstract: the nanostructured surface - also called black silicon (b-si) - is a promising texture for solar cells because of its extremely low reflectance combined with low surface recombination obtained with atomic layer deposited (ald) thin films. however, the challenges in keeping the excellent optical properties and passivation in further processing have not been addressed before. here we study especially the applicability of the ald passivation on highly boron doped emitters that is present in crystalline silicon solar cells. the results show that the nanostructured boron emitters can be passivated efficiently using ald al2o3 reaching emitter saturation current densities as low as 51 fa/cm(2). furthermore, reflectance values less than 0.5% after processing show that the different process steps are not detrimental for the low reflectance of b-si. ((c) 2013 wiley-vch verlag gmbh & co. kgaa, weinheim)

Paper 24
Title: low temperature surface passivation of black silicon solar cells by high-pressure o-2 thermal oxidation
Abstract: a simple low temperature surface passivation method based on high pressure o-2 thermal oxidation was proposed for black silicon solar cells. with this method, the nanowire textured surface of the black silicon solar cells can be effectively passivated at an extremely low temperature of similar to 450 degrees c, and a better performance was achieved compared with that treated with the conventional high temperature surface passivation. the corresponding mechanism was discussed based on current-voltage characteristics and external quantum efficiency measurements. results demonstrate that the adverse effects associated with high temperature surface passivation can be effectively suppressed by this low temperature surface passivation process. (c) 2013 the electrochemical society.

Paper 25
Title: effective optimization of emitters and surface passivation for nanostructured silicon solar cells
Abstract: using a black silicon surface is a promising way to minimize the optical loss of solar cells; however, the strength of low optical loss is partially diminished due to an increase in surface recombination of nanostructured silicon surfaces. in this paper, we study the recombination mechanism of nanostructured silicon surfaces. experimental results show that the loss in efficiency of nanostructured silicon solar cells is greatly dominated by the increased surface recombination and auger recombination. in order to suppress the carrier recombination through the nanostructured surfaces, we developed a technique to modify the surface morphology and the doping concentration of the emitter. by adopting an optimized sio2/sinx passivation scheme, we obtained a compromise between low emitter recombination velocities and low reflectance. remarkable gains of 3.7% on average efficiency, 34 mv on open circuit voltage, 3.65 ma cm(-2) on short circuit current density, and 4.65% on ff were obtained, comparing with the black silicon solar cells fabricated by a standard industrial process. a best solar cell of 18.5% efficiency was achieved.

Paper 26
Title: enhanced photovoltaic performance of inverted pyramid-based nanostructured black-silicon solar cells passivated by an atomic-layer-deposited al2o3 layer
Abstract: inverted pyramid-based nanostructured black-silicon (bs) solar cells with an al2o3 passivation layer grown by atomic layer deposition (ald) have been demonstrated. a multi-scale textured bs surface combining silicon nanowires (sinws) and inverted pyramids was obtained for the first time by lithography and metal catalyzed wet etching. the reflectance of the as-prepared bs surface was about 2% lower than that of the more commonly reported upright pyramid-based sinw bs surface over the whole of the visible light spectrum, which led to a 1.7 ma cm(-2) increase in short circuit current density. moreover, the as prepared solar cells were further passivated by an ald-al2o3 layer. the effect of annealing temperature on the photovoltaic performance of the solar cells was investigated. it was found that the values of all solar cell parameters including short circuit current, open circuit voltage, and fill factor exhibit a further increase under an optimized annealing temperature. minority carrier lifetime measurements indicate that the enhanced cell performance is due to the improved passivation quality of the al2o3 layer after thermal annealing treatments. by combining these two refinements, the optimized sinw bs solar cells achieved a maximum conversion efficiency enhancement of 7.6% compared to the cells with an upright pyramid-based sinws surface and conventional sinx passivation.

Paper 27
Title: high-efficiency black silicon tunnel oxide passivated contact solar cells achieved by adjusting the boron diffusion process
Abstract: optical loss is still a tough problem in photovoltaic; it considerably restrains the conversion efficiency of tunnel oxide passivated contact (topcon) solar cells. black silicon is widely used to enhance light absorption by its light-trapping structure. paradoxically, the structure simultaneously brings severe carrier recombination and rarely increases efficiency. in our work, we combined the black silicon with topcon solar cell and fabricated high-efficiency topcon solar cells with nanopore pyramid structure emitter prepared by reactive ion etching. we systematically analyzed the boron doping, emitter passivation, and cell performance. by excellent passivation effect provided by al2o3/sinx stacked layers and artificially adjusting boron diffusion process, we successfully fabricated the large-scale (158.75 x 158.75 mm(2)) bifacial topcon solar cells with short-circuit current density of 40.69 ma/cm(2) and average conversion efficiency of 23.01% with industrial equipment and processes.

Paper 28
Title: effective passivation of black silicon surfaces via plasma-enhanced chemical vapor deposition grown conformal hydrogenated amorphous silicon layer
Abstract: solar cells based on black silicon (b-si) are proven to be promising in photovoltaics (pvs) by exceeding 22% efficiency. to reach high efficiencies with b-si surfaces, the most crucial step is the effective surface passivation. up to now, the highest effective minority carrier lifetimes are achieved with atomic layer-deposited al2o3 or thermal sio2. plasma-enhanced chemical vapor deposition (pecvd)-grown hydrogenated amorphous silicon (a-si:h) passivation of b-si is seldom reported due to conformality problems. in this current study, b-si surfaces superposed on standard pyramidal textures, also known as modulated surface textures (msts), are successfully passivated by pecvd-grown conformal layers of a-si:h. it is shown that under proper plasma-processing conditions, the effective minority carrier lifetimes of samples endowed with front mst and rear standard pyramidal textures can reach up to 2.3 ms. a route to the conformal growth is described and developed by transmission electron microscopic (tem) images. passivated mst samples exhibit less than 4% reflection in a wide spectral range from 430 to 1020 nm.

Paper 29
Title: conformal al2o3 coatings on black silicon by thermal ald for surface passivation
Abstract: upon inductive coupled plasma reactive ion etching (icp-rie) of si surfaces needle-like nanostructures with aspect ratios up to 10 emerge showing excellent anti-reflection and light-trapping properties with absorption over 97% throughout the uv and vis spectral range. in addition, the absorption at the band edge of silicon is enormously enhanced due to scattering. in this work we report on the feasibility to deposit conformal al2o3 dielectric layers on these very rough silicon surfaces which enable adequate surface passivation. lifetimes over 170 mu s have been measured on deep structured b-si substrates. the optical properties of black silicon (b-si) and the possible influence of applied alumina passivation layers as well as their passivation performance are discussed. (c) 2012 published by elsevier ltd. selection and peer-review under responsibility of the scientific committee of the siliconpv 2012 conference.

Paper 30
Title: the influence of surface structure on diffusion and passivation in multicrystalline silicon solar cells textured by metal assisted chemical etching (mace) method
Abstract: it is important to improve the efficiency of solar cells textured by the mace method, and the surface morphology has a significant effect on the efficiency. in this paper, we textured multicrystalline wafer using mace method, and the surface morphology was further modified by post-etching process to achieve high efficiency. the influence of structure on diffusion and surface passivation was studied. it reveals that surface structure has a big effect on diffusion and passivation, thus affecting the efficiency. structure with large aspect ratio results in heavily doped regions and poor passivation performance. finally, large area solar cells with the efficiency of 19.08% and 19.11% were obtained on slurry wire and diamond wire saw multicrystalline wafer respectively, which is 0.5% and 0.8% absolutely higher than the cells with traditional acid texturing.

Paper 31
Title: effective passivation of black silicon surfaces by atomic layer deposition
Abstract: the poor charge-carrier transport properties attributed to nanostructured surfaces have been so far more detrimental for final device operation than the gain obtained from the reduced reflectance. here, we demonstrate results that simultaneously show a huge improvement in the light absorption and in the surface passivation by applying atomic layer coating on highly absorbing silicon nanostructures. the results advance the development of photovoltaic applications, including high-efficiency solar cells or any devices, that require high-sensitivity light response.

Paper 32
Title: controlling of polarity on the surface passivation mechanism of al2o3 for black silicon by cld
Abstract: thin al2o3 films were deposited on p-type black silicon (b-si) by using chemical liquid phase deposition (cld) technique. the influence of annealing temperatures on the structural and optical properties of al2o3 films was investigated. the b-si with 80-nm al2o3 films exhibits a low total reflectance of 5%. the sample annealed 300 degrees c exhibits negative fixed charge with the density of 1.5x10(12) cm(-2). with the increasing of annealing temperature, negative shift of c-v curve was observed, indicating the polarity of fixed charge changes to positive, with maximal the density of 8.7x10(11) cm(-2). the evolution of the polarity of fixed charge is assigned to the decreasing of o: al ratio caused by the transition of the crystalline type of al2o3. the change of fixed charge polarity in al2o3 provides a feasible route for both p-and n-type si passivation in si solar cells by adjusting the thermal post-treatment.

Paper 33
Title: passivation of photonic nanostructures for crystalline silicon solar cells
Abstract: we report on the optical and electrical performances of periodic photonic nanostructures, prepared by nanoimprint lithography (nil) and two different etching routes, plasma, and wet chemical etching. optically, these periodic nanostructures offer a lower integrated reflectance compared with the industrial state-of-the-art random pyramid texturing. however, electrically, they are known to be more challenging for solar cell integration. we propose the use of wet chemical etching for fabricating inverted nanopyramids as a way to minimize the surface recombination velocities and maintain a conventional cell integration flow. in contrast to the broadly used plasma etching for nanopatterning, the wet chemically etched nanopatterning results in low surface recombination velocities, comparable with the state-of-the-art random pyramid texturing. applied to 40-mu m thick epitaxially grown crystalline silicon foils bonded to a glass carrier superstrate, the periodic-inverted nanopyramids show carrier lifetimes comparable with the non-textured reference foils ((eff)=250 mu s). we estimate a maximum effective surface recombination velocity of similar to 8cm/s at the patterned surface, which is comparable with the state-of-the-art values for crystalline silicon solar cells. copyright (c) 2014 john wiley & sons, ltd.

Paper 34
Title: characterization of mae-textured nanoporous silicon for solar cells application: optics and surface passivation
Abstract: we present a three-step metal-assisted chemical etching (mae) texturing technique to fabricate nanoporous si (mae nsi). the relationship between the resulting surface morphology, optical properties, and surface recombination of the mae nsi are presented and analyzed. we also show that the solar weighted reflectance (r-w) of unencapsulated mae nsi is less than 12% for all mae nsi samples investigated in this paper. we show that the texture morphology has a near-isotropic surface reflectance for non-normal light incidence that is similar to the isotexture morphology. the angular distribution of the reflected light suggests that most of the losses due to the surface reflectance can be recovered after encapsulation, and this has been confirmed experimentally in this paper. intriguingly, despite an approximately threefold increase in the surface area (compared with a planar sample), following texturing, the increase in the surface recombination velocity s-eff for samples passivated by atomic layer deposited al2o3 is found to be relatively small. this suggests that for the ald-al2o3 passivation scheme, neither the local curvature nor the predominant crystallographic orientation causes additional recombination at the mae nsi surface.

Paper 35
Title: tantalum oxide/silicon nitride: a negatively charged surface passivation stack for silicon solar cells
Abstract: this letter reports effective passivation of crystalline silicon (c-si) surfaces by thermal atomic layer deposited tantalum oxide (ta2o5) underneath plasma enhanced chemical vapour deposited silicon nitride (sinx). cross-sectional transmission electron microscopy imaging shows an approximately 2 nm thick interfacial layer between ta2o5 and c-si. surface recombination velocities as low as 5.0 cm/s and 3.2 cm/s are attained on p-type 0.8 omega center dot cm and n-type 1.0 omega center dot cm c-si wafers, respectively. recombination current densities of 25 fa/cm(2) and 68 fa/cm(2) are measured on 150 omega/sq boron-diffused p(+) and 120 omega/sq phosphorus-diffused n(+) c-si, respectively. capacitance-voltage measurements reveal a negative fixed insulator charge density of -1.8 x 10(12) cm(-2) for the ta2o5 film and -1.0 x 10(12) cm(-2) for the ta2o5/sinx stack. the ta2o5/sinx stack is demonstrated to be an excellent candidate for surface passivation of high efficiency silicon solar cells. (c) 2015 aip publishing llc.

Paper 36
Title: sulfur-enhanced field-effect passivation using (nh4)(2)s surface treatment for black si solar cells
Abstract: we demonstrated surface passivation of a black si-based solar cell using an (nh4)(2)s solution to mitigate surface recombination velocity. incorporated s at the interface between atomic-layer-deposited al2o3 and black si by (nh4)(2)s solution treatment boosted the density of negative fixed charges, s-enhanced field-effect passivation. furthermore, nh4oh generated during (nh4)(2)s solution treatment removed the defective si phase at the black si surface, the surface cleaning effect. the optimized (nh4)(2)s solution treatment significantly enhanced the internal quantum efficiency up to similar to 17.2% in the short wavelength region, suggesting suppressed surface recombination. as a result, photoconversion efficiency of the cell increased from 11.6 to 13.5%, by 16% compared to the control cells without (nh4)(2)s solution treatment.

Paper 37
Title: field-effect passivation of undiffused black silicon surfaces
Abstract: black silicon (b-si) surfaces typically have a high density of extreme nanofeatures and a significantly large surface area. this makes high-quality surface passivation even more critical for devices such as solar cells with b-si surfaces. it has been hypothesized that conformal dielectrics with a high fixed charge density (q(f)) are preferred as the nanoscale features of b-si result in a significant enhancement of field-effect passivation. this article uses 1-d, 2-d, and 3-d numerical simulations to study surface passivation of b-si, where we particularly focus on the charge carrier control by vertical bar q(f)vertical bar up to 1 x 10(13) cm(-2) under accumulation conditions. we will show that there is a significant space charge region compression in b-si nanofeatures, which affects the charge carrier population control formoderate vertical bar q(f)vertical bar up to approximate to 1x10(12) cm(-2). the average surfaceminority charge carrier density can be reduced by 70% in some cases, resulting in an equivalent reduction in area-normalized surface recombination losses if the effective surface recombination velocity (s-eff) is limited by minority carriers. this provides a possible solution for the empirical s-eff proportional to 1/q(f)(4) reported previously. we will also show that the situation is more complicated for surface passivation films where the ratio between the electron and hole capture cross section (sigma(n)/sigma(p)) is higher than 10 for p-type surfaces. for commonly used surface passivation films with a vertical bar q(f)vertical bar larger than approximate to 1 x 10(12) cm(-2), there is little space charge compression for b-si. consequently, s-eff simply scales with the surface area, i.e., there is no enhanced reduction of surface recombination by field-effect passivation on b-si.

Paper 38
Title: thermal stability of silicon surface passivation by apcvd al2o3
Abstract: we investigate the thermal stability of silicon surface passivation provided by aluminium oxide (al2o3) films deposited using atmospheric pressure chemical vapour deposition (apcvd) and fired in a belt furnace at a peak temperature of similar to 810 degrees c. firing stability is investigated for p- and n-type substrates as a function of al2o3 film thickness both with and without a plasma-enhanced chemical vapour deposition (pecvd) sinx capping layer, and for boron-diffused surfaces with a similar to 10 nm al2o3 film only. excellent thermal stability of the passivation is demonstrated, with effective carrier lifetimes in n-type silicon wafers remaining stable or even improving after firing, and lifetimes in p-type wafers initially degrading slightly but recovering to above their initial values following similar to 10 min illumination by a halogen lamp at similar to 20 mw/cm(2). film thickness appears to be unimportant to stability, as does the presence of the capping layer. surface recombination velocities of less than 3 cm/s for 1.35 omega cm p-type and less than 2 cm/s for 1.2 omega cm n-type substrates are measured after firing and illumination. the passivation of boron-diffused surfaces is also shown to improve slightly following firing, with a post-firing saturation current density of 42 fa/cm(2) on a diffusion with a sheet resistance of 100 omega/square and surface dopant concentration of similar to 1.3 x 10(19) cm(-3). capacitance-voltage (c-v) measurements show that short firing times result in an initial reduction of the interface defect density d-it and a slight increase of the negative insulator fixed charge density q(f), while longer firing results in a substantial increase in both q(f) and d-it. (c) 2013 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 39
Title: surface passivation of n-type doped black silicon by atomic-layer-deposited sio2/al2o3 stacks
Abstract: black silicon (b-si) nanotextures can significantly enhance the light absorption of crystalline silicon solar cells. nevertheless, for a successful application of b-si textures in industrially relevant solar cell architectures, it is imperative that charge-carrier recombination at particularly highly n-type doped black si surfaces is further suppressed. in this work, this issue is addressed through systematically studying lowly and highly doped b-si surfaces, which are passivated by atomic-layer- deposited al2o3 films or sio2/al2o3 stacks. in lowly doped b-si textures, a very low surface recombination prefactor of 16 fa/cm(2) was found after surface passivation by al2o3. the excellent passivation was achieved after a dedicated wet-chemical treatment prior to surface passivation, which removed structural defects which resided below the b-si surface. on highly n-type doped b-si, the sio2/al2o3 stacks result in a considerable improvement in surface passivation compared to the al2o3 single layers. the atomic-layer-deposited sio2/al2o3 stacks therefore provide a low-temperature, industrially viable passivation method, enabling the application of highly n-type doped b-si nanotextures in industrial silicon solar cells. published by aip publishing.

Paper 40
Title: realizing a facile and environmental-friendly fabrication of high-performance multi-crystalline silicon solar cells by employing zno nanostructures and an al2o3 passivation layer
Abstract: nowadays, the multi-crystalline silicon (mc-si) solar cells dominate the photovoltaic industry. however, the current acid etching method on mc-si surface used by firms can hardly suppress the average reflectance value below 25% in the visible light spectrum. meanwhile, the nitric acid and the hydrofluoric contained in the etching solution is both environmental unfriendly and highly toxic to human. here, a mc-si solar cell based on zno nanostructures and an al2o3 spacer layer is demonstrated. the eco-friendly fabrication is realized by low temperature atomic layer deposition of al2o3 layer as well as zno seed layer. moreover, the zno nanostructures are prepared by nontoxic and low cost hydrothermal growth process. results show that the best passivation quality of the n(+)-type mc-si surface can be achieved by balancing the si dangling bond saturation level and the negative charge concentration in the al2o3 film. moreover, the average reflectance on cell surface can be suppressed to 8.2% in 400-900 nm range by controlling the thickness of zno seed layer. with these two combined refinements, a maximum solar cell efficiency of 15.8% is obtained eventually. this work offer a facile way to realize the environmental friendly fabrication of high performance mc-si solar cells.

