Paper 1
Title: enhanced properties of silicon nano-textured solar cells enabled by controlled zno nanorods coating
Abstract: in the work, zno nanorods (nrs) were combined with silicon (si) nanostructures for solar cell application. the optical and photovoltaic properties of silicon nanostructures coated with zno nrs were measured and discussed. the fabrication processes were composed of metal-assisted chemical etching combined with hydrothermal synthesized zno nrs growth. in contrast to the ordinary silicon nanostructures, this new hierarchical structures can maximize the light absorption and significantly enhance the electrode contact and carrier transport ability. by these optimizations, nano-textured solar cells' performance was improved. the data obtained from this work are fundamental and has some reference value for future studies. (c) 2015 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.

Paper 2
Title: micro/nano structure regulation of donor/acceptor interface for high-performance organic solar cells
Abstract: with apparent advantages of low cost, low weight, high flexibility, high efficiency, and high processability in large size device manufacture, organic solar cells (oscs) have aroused a great deal of attention in current studies of organic electronics all over the world. especially, the interface structure investigations of acceptor and donor materials in the active layer of oscs are of particular attraction due to the great influence of micro/nano structures on the photovoltaic performance. the micro/nano structured donor/acceptor interface leads to the enlarged interface area, the reduced distance between acceptor and donor, and the enhanced sunlight absorption, which are favorable to increase the molecular excitation, promote the efficient charge separation and effective exciton dissociation, produce the continuous paths for efficient charge transport, and finally improve the power conversion efficiency (pce) in osc applications. in this review, we summarize the recent development of micro/nano interface structured organic solar cells made by various methods in controlling the structures of donor/acceptor interface through nanoimprint lithography, self-assembly technology, solvent evaporation and template methods. the basic principles of these fabrication techniques in producing various micro/nano interface structures, including nano-textured interface, nano-gratings, nanorods array, nanoparticle mediated layer, rough interface and some special patterns, are discussed in detail with particular attention on the effects of the resulted nanostructures on the photovoltaic performance. further, the current difficulties and future research directions of the micro/nano-structured oscs are also discussed to give an outlook of the prospect trends and application potentials in modulating photovoltaic devices for high pces.

Paper 3
Title: superhydrophobic surfaces with antireflection properties for solar applications: a critical review
Abstract: antireflective surfaces with superhydrophobic characteristics are of considerable current interest owing to their potential utility in solving key technological problems. superhydrophobic surfaces possess self-cleaning characteristics due to their unique surface texture and chemistry, which control wettability. the surface micro/nano texturing combined with low surface energy of materials lead to enhance anti wetting properties. self-cleaning surfaces exhibit special anti-wetting properties owing to the water contact angle greater than 150 degrees leading to the ready rolling-off of water droplets. the surfaces can be made hydrophobic using two key pathways: i) making a rough surface from a low surface energy material, and ii) making a rough surface and modifying it with material of low surface energy. similarly, transparent surface coatings with suitable optical path differences can suppress reflection from surfaces. high transparency is crucial in improving the performance of optical equipment and devices, such as windows, lenses, solar panels, etc. a normal solar panel absorbs only about 25% of the incident solar radiation, the remainder being reflected. design and implementation of transparent super hydrophobic surfaces that repel atmospheric dust from solar panels, and thus reduce reflectivity of the surfaces are thus highly desirable. in this review, recent developments in antireflective, transparent, and super hydrophobic surfaces, with particular emphasis on glass and polymer materials, are highlighted. the review contains four sections as follows: (i) brief description of the basic concepts and principles of antireflection and self-cleaning; (ii) detailed fabrication pathways and their mechanisms; (iii) challenges faced in practical applications; and (iv) trends of future developments. overall, a comprehensive overview of antireflective surfaces with superhydrophobic characteristics is provided in light of the current challenges. (c) 2016 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.

Paper 4
Title: fabrication and characteristics of black silicon for solar cell applications: an overview
Abstract: anti-reflective (ar) coatings are a critical component of a commercially viable solar cell because by lowering reflection from the surface of the cell they enable more light to be absorbed and hence improve the power conversion efficiency of the cell. silicon solar cells represent > 80% of present commercial cells and the most common ar coating is pecvd silicon nitride; however, recently, black silicon (b-si) surfaces have been proposed as an alternative. black silicon is a surface modification of silicon in which a nanoscale surface structure is formed through etching. due to the continuous change of the refractive index of this structure surfaces with very low reflectivities are observed (similar to 1%). this review summarizes the recent and substantial developments of black silicon for use in solar cells and discusses the advantages and disadvantages of the different methods of fabrication. (c) 2014 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.

Paper 5
Title: quasi-omnidirectional crystalline silicon solar cells
Abstract: crystalline silicon (c-si) solar cells play an important role in the photovoltaic (pv) industry and make pv electricity begin to realize grid parity. nevertheless, conventional c-si solar cells are sensitive to angle of incidence (aoi) and have less power conversion efficiency (eta) under oblique aoi, which influences the maximization of daily/yearly power output as the sun moves with time. although the use of sun-tracking systems is an effective way to solve this problem, it is costly. as regards increasing the daily/yearly power output with low cost, quasi-omnidirectional c-si solar cells are good candidates and have attracted considerable interest. the eta of these solar cells is insensitive to aoi within a large range (for example, <60 degrees) due to their quasi-omnidirectional antireflection ability. in this article, we will review different antireflection mechanisms and show how to realize quasi-omnidirectional antireflection in c-si solar cells by specific structures, especially si nanostructures due to their superior ability in manipulating light. we will see that quasi-omnidirectional c-si solar cells can be realized by various si nanostructures, but most of them suffer from lower eta than conventional c-si solar cells because of much more severe carrier recombination. therefore, we will also present an overview of countermeasures and progress in mitigating electrical loss of quasi-omnidirectional c-si solar cells. finally, we will demonstrate high-performance quasi-omnidirectional c-si, ultrathin c-si and multicrystalline silicon solar cells realized by si nanostructures with low aspect ratios and their advantages compared to their conventional c-si counterparts.

Paper 6
Title: metal-assisted chemical etching of silicon in oxidizing hf solutions: origin, mechanism, development, and black silicon solar cell application
Abstract: metal-assisted chemical etching (macetch) of silicon in oxidizing hydrofluoric acid (hf) solutions has emerged as a prominent top-down micro/nanofabrication approach for a wide variety of silicon micro/nanostructures. the popularity of the process is due to its simplicity, rapidity, versatility, and scalability. in recent years, there has been a surge of interest in developing macetch silicon micro/nanostructures for advanced energy conversion and storage applications, such as photovoltaic devices, thermoelectric devices, lithium-ion rechargeable batteries, and supercapacitors. particularly, macetch has emerged as a powerful surface micro/nanostructuring method for low-cost and scalable production of commercial black silicon (b-si) with excellent light trapping properties. this review on macetch processing of silicon in oxidizing hf solutions provides a critical description of its history and origin including how it evolved into what it is today, the understanding of its mechanism and important technical advances in the field. as regards macetch-fabricated b-si, its initial discovery and further improvements to its large-scale deployment in silicon photovoltaic industry are traced. some fundamental challenges and perspectives in this exciting field are also discussed.

Paper 7
Title: black-silicon-assisted photovoltaic cells for better conversion efficiencies: a review on recent research and development efforts
Abstract: in this article, the fabrication methods of black silicon (b-si), application and performance of b-si in photovoltaics, and the theoretical modelling efforts in b-si-based photovoltaic cells are reviewed. to date, the most popular fabrication methods are reactive ion etching and metal-assisted chemical etching, due to their flexibility and low cost. other methods include laser irradiation, stain etching, electrochemical etching, and fray-farthing-chen cambridge process. black silicon's largest application is in photovoltaics due to its absorption properties. currently, the highest efficiency of b-si-based solar cell reported in the literature is 22.1% with an interdigitated back contact configuration. currently, the issue of high recombination rates due to the nanostructures is being actively researched on but has yet been fully resolved. there are only a few theoretical models of b-si photovoltaics, with most focus on the optical properties. the optical performance is usually assessed based on maxwell's equations, while the electrical properties are simulated based on semiconductor equations, including poisson's, continuity and drift-diffusion current equations. most studies neglect the effect of temperature. modelling of the thermal properties of silicon nanostructures is performed with the monte carlo method to solve the phonon radiative transport equation for the temperature distribution. (c) 2020 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.

Paper 8
Title: silicon back contact solar cell configuration: a pathway towards higher efficiency
Abstract: the back-contact crystalline silicon solar cell represents an advanced configuration in which inter digitated positive and negative contacts are placed on the rear surface. highest conversion efficiency, elimination of shading losses, co-planarity of cell interconnections, and uniform black appearance, represent some of the most significant features of this type of solar cell. however, the manufacturing process complexity leads to significantly higher production cost making it difficult to compete with conventional mono and poly crystalline si-based photovoltaics industry. over the years, an increasing number of researchers have reported on methods and processes aimed at reduction in manufacturing cost. this review paper attempt an extensive review of several categories of back-contact silicon solar cells, relevant design innovations, specific cost advantages especially in terms of using lower lifetime materials, their efficiency advantages in terms of geometry and wafer type, and their manufacturing technologies. in addition, available simulation tools for numerical investigation on back-contact structures and advanced device concepts have also presented in order to better understand underlying physical considerations in terms of passivation, both surface and volume, and minority carrier lifetime. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.

Paper 9
Title: review application of nanostructured black silicon
Abstract: as a widely used semiconductor material, silicon has been extensively used in many areas, such as photodiode, photodetector, and photovoltaic devices. however, the high surface reflectance and large bandgap of traditional bulk silicon restrict the full use of the spectrum. to solve this problem, many methods have been developed. among them, the surface nanostructured silicon, namely black silicon, is the most efficient and widely used. due to its high absorption in the wide range from uv-visible to infrared, black silicon is very attractive for using as sensitive layer of photodiodes, photodetector, solar cells, field emission, luminescence, and other photoelectric devices. intensive study has been performed to understand the enhanced absorption of black silicon as well as the response extended to infrared spectrum range. in this paper, the application of black silicon is systematically reviewed. the limitations and challenges of black silicon material are also discussed. this article will provide a meaningful introduction to black silicon and its unique properties.

Paper 10
Title: nano-fabrication methods and novel applications of black silicon
Abstract: black silicon is a kind of micro-/nanostructure formed on the surface of silicon, which can greatly reduce light reflection. in this review, five main fabrication techniques of black silicon are introduced and these techniques can change the morphology of the surface of crystalline silicon to a certain extent, thus making the preparation of black silicon more feasible and convenient. the utilization of black silicon is then reviewed. black silicon has originally been used as a bactericidal to eradicate bacteria such as pseudomonas aeruginosa. it is bound to have more novel applications in the field of sterilization. black silicon is like a sponge that absorbs light. it can capture almost all sunlight, both visible and infrared light. it also reduces the amount of silicon used in optical sensors, making products cheaper, smaller, and lighter. due to the above characteristics, black silicon is widely used in surface enhanced raman scattering detection, biomedical sensing, and infrared device manufacturing. it also has the potential to improve the performance of solar cells. this review is intended to serve as a useful introduction to this novel material and its properties, and provide a general overview of recent progress in its main applications. (c) 2019 published by elsevier b.v.

Paper 11
Title: black silicon: fabrication methods, properties and solar energy applications
Abstract: black silicon (bsi) represents a very active research area in renewable energy materials. the rise of bsi as a focus of study for its fundamental properties and potentially lucrative practical applications is shown by several recent results ranging from solar cells and tight-emitting devices to antibacterial coatings and gas-sensors. in this paper, the common bsi fabrication techniques are first reviewed, including electrochemical hf etching, stain etching, metal-assisted chemical etching, reactive ion etching, laser irradiation and the molten salt fray-farthing-chen-cambridge (ffc-cambridge) process. the utilization of bsi as an anti-reflection coating in solar cells is then critically examined and appraised, based upon strategies towards higher efficiency renewable solar energy modules. methods of incorporating bsi in advanced solar cell architectures and the production of ultra-thin and flexible bsi wafers are also surveyed. particular attention is given to routes leading to passivated bsi surfaces, which are essential for improving the electrical properties of any devices incorporating bsi, with a special focus on atomic layer deposition of al2o3. finally, three potential research directions worth exploring for practical solar cell applications are highlighted, namely, encapsulation effects, the development of micro-nano dual-scale bsi, and the incorporation of bsi into thin solar cells. it is intended that this paper will serve as a useful introduction to this novel material and its properties, and provide a general overview of recent progress in research currently being undertaken for renewable energy applications.

Paper 12
Title: fabrication of black silicon via metal-assisted chemical etching-a review
Abstract: the metal-assisted chemical etching (mace) technique is commonly employed for texturing the wafer surfaces when fabricating black silicon (bsi) solar cells and is considered to be a potential technique to improve the efficiency of traditional si-based solar cells. this article aims to review the mace technique along with its mechanism for ag-, cu- and ni-assisted etching. primarily, several essential aspects of the fabrication of bsi are discussed, including chemical reaction, etching direction, mass transfer, and the overall etching process of the mace method. thereafter, three metal catalysts (ag, cu, and ni) are critically analyzed to identify their roles in producing cost-effective and sustainable bsi solar cells with higher quality and efficiency. the conducted study revealed that ag-etched bsi wafers are more suitable for the growth of higher quality and efficiency si solar cells compared to cu- and ni-etched bsi wafers. however, both cu and ni seem to be more cost-effective and more appropriate for the mass production of bsi solar cells than ag-etched wafers. meanwhile, the ni-assisted chemical etching process takes a longer time than cu but the ni-etched bsi solar cells possess enhanced light absorption capacity and lower activity in terms of the dissolution and oxidation process than cu-etched bsi solar cells.</p>

Paper 13
Title: passivating contacts for crystalline silicon solar cells: from concepts and materials to prospects
Abstract: to further increase the conversion efficiency of crystalline silicon (c-si) solar cells, it is vital to reduce the recombination losses associated with the contacts. therefore, a contact structure that simultaneously passivates the c-si surface while selectively extracting only one type of charge carrier (i.e., either electrons or holes) is desired. realizing such passivating contacts in c-si solar cells has become an important research objective, and an overview and classification of work to date on this topic is presented here. using this overview, we discuss the design guidelines for passivating contacts and outline their prospects.

Paper 14
Title: black silicon photovoltaics
Abstract: this article presents an overview of the fabrication methods of black silicon, their resulting morphologies, and a quantitative comparison of their optoelectronic properties. to perform this quantitative comparison, different groups working on black silicon solar cells have cooperated for this study. the optical absorption and the minority carrier lifetime are used as benchmark parameters. the differences in the fabrication processes plasma etching, chemical etching, or laser processing are discussed and compared with numerical models. guidelines to optimize the relevant physical parameters, such as the correlation length, optimal height of the nanostructures, and the surface defect densities for optoelectronic applications are given.

Paper 15
Title: carbonaceous materials and their advances as a counter electrode in dye-sensitized solar cells: challenges and prospects
Abstract: dye-sensitized solar cells (dsscs) serve as low-costing alternatives to silicon solar cells because of their low material and fabrication costs. usually, they utilize pt as the counter electrode (ce) to catalyze the iodine redox couple and to complete the electric circuit. given that pt is a rare and expensive metal, various carbon materials have been intensively investigated because of their low costs, high surface areas, excellent electrochemical stabilities, reasonable electrochemical activities, and high corrosion resistances. in this feature article, we provide an overview of recent studies on the electrochemical properties and photovoltaic performances of carbon-based ces (e.g., activated carbon, nanosized carbon, carbon black, graphene, graphite, carbon nanotubes, and composite carbon). we focus on scientific challenges associated with each material and highlight recent advances achieved in overcoming these obstacles. finally, we discuss possible future directions for this field of research aimed at obtaining highly efficient dsscs.

Paper 16
Title: nanostructured silicon via metal assisted catalyzed etch (mace): chemistry fundamentals and pattern engineering
Abstract: there are a range of different methods to generate a nanostructured surface on silicon (si) but the most cost effective and optically interesting is the metal assisted wet chemical etching (mace) (koynov et al 2006 appl. phys. lett. 88 203107). mace of si is a controllable, room-temperature wet-chemical technique that uses a thin layer of metal to etch the surface of si, leaving behind various nano-and micro-scale surface features or 'black silicon'. mace-fabricated nanowires (nws) provide improved antireflection and light trapping functionality (toor et al 2016 nanoscale 8 15448-66) compared with the traditional 'iso-texturing' (campbell and green 1987 j. appl. phys. 62 243-9). the resulting lower reflection and improved light trapping can lead to higher short circuit currents in nw solar cells (toor et al 2011 appl. phys. lett. 99 103501). in addition, nw cells can have higher fill factors and voltages than traditionally processed cells, thus leading to increased solar cell efficiencies (cabrera et al 2013 ieee j. photovolt. 3 102-7). mace nw processing also has synergy with next generation si solar cell designs, such as thin epitaxial-si and passivated emitter rear contact (toor et al 2016 nanoscale 8 15448-66). while several companies have begun manufacturing black si, and many more are researching these techniques, much of the work has not been published in traditional journals and is publicly available only through conference proceedings and patent publications, which makes learning the field challenging. there have been three specialized review articles published recently on certain aspects of mace or black si, but do not present a full review that would benefit the industry (liu et al 2014 energy environ. sci. 7 3223-63; yusufoglu et al 2015 ieee j. photovolt. 5 320-8; huang et al 2011 adv. mater. 23 285-308). in this feature article, we review the chemistry of mace and explore how changing parameters in the wet etch process effects the resulting texture on the si surface. then we review efforts to increase the uniformity and reproducibility of the mace process, which is critical for commercializing the black si technology.

